The UEFA Champions League round of 16 second-leg fixtures will take place on March 7, 8, 14 and 15, DAILY POST reports. Chelsea will host Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday night in the UEFA Champions League round of 16 second-leg tie at Stamford, while Benfica will take on Club Brugge. Tottenham Hotspur will face AC Milan on Wednesday night in England, while Paris Saint-Germain will clash with Bayern Munich in an away Champions League fixture on Wednesday night. The remaining Champions League round of 16 second-leg fixtures will continue on Tuesday, March 14 and Wednesday, March 15, with FC Porto taking on Inter Milan, Manchester City will tackle RB Leipzig, Napoli will welcome Eintracht Frankfurt in Italy, and Real Madrid will host Liverpool at Santiago Bernabeu. However, DAILY POST is predicting that fans could be presented with unexpected results from the above-mentioned UEFA Champions League last-16 fixtures this week and next week. Chelsea vs Dortmund:
This match will take place on Tuesday night at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea lost 1-0 against Dortmund in the reverse fixture in Germany. The Blues head to the game after beating Leeds United 1-0 in their last game in the Premier League on Saturday, while Dortmund defeated RB Leipzig 2-1 in their last game on Friday. Graham Potter’s side presently sits in 10th position on the Premier League table with 34 points from 25 matches, while Dortmund currently sits in second position on the Bundesliga table behind leaders Bayern Munich. Both teams won their last games. However, Chelsea could surprise Dortmund in England as they will be playing in front of their home fans. The west London club are confident at the moment after winning one out of their last seven matches against Leeds United at the weekend. Bayern Munich vs PSG:
This match will take place on Wednesday night in Germany. Bayern Munich defeated PSG 1-0 in the reverse fixture in Paris last month. The German giants head to the game after beating VfB Stuttgart 2-1 in their last game on Saturday, while PSG defeated Nantes 4-2 in their last game on Saturday. The Bavarians currently sit on top of the Bundesliga table with 49 points from 23 games, while The Parisians presently sit on top of the French Ligue 1 table with 63 points from 26 games. However, PSG could pull a surprise victory against Bayern as Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi are currently in top form. Tottenham vs AC Milan:
Tottenham will host AC Milan in England in the Champions League second-leg tie. Spurs lost 1-0 against Milan in the reverse fixture at San Siro in February. Tottenham head to the game after losing 1-0 to Wolves in the Premier League on Saturday, while AC Milan lost 2-1 against Fiorentina in their last game on Saturday. Antonio Conte’s men currently sit in the 4th position on the Premier League table with 45 points from 26 games, while the Serie A champions are in the 4th position on the Italian top-flight league table with 47 points from 25 games. Real Madrid vs Liverpool: Real Madrid will host Liverpool next Wednesday at the Santiago Bernabeu. The Los Blancos had won 5-2 against Liverpool in the first leg at Anfield in February. But Carlo Ancelotti’s side have failed to win their last three games, while Liverpool registered an emphatic 7-0 win over Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. However, their biggest win over Man United could boost their morale against the La Liga giants. Jurgen Klopp’s side have registered a dramatic comeback victory against Real Madrid’s La Liga rivals Barcelona in the Champions League in the past. The Reds could do it again this season against a Real Madrid side who are currently nine points behind Barcelona in the La Liga table.