No fewer than 23 villagers were killed and several others injured on Saturday as terrorists invaded villages in Kankara communities, Katsina State. Those killed include 21 males and two females, a reliable source told DAILY POST. The hoodlums had earlier on Friday attended the wedding party (Walima) of one of their kingpins, identified as ‘Mai Katifa Mutuwa’ at Majifa Village, but stayed back in the neighbourhood till Saturday to launch the attack. “Instead of leaving peacefully after the wedding party, the bandits chose to invade nearby villages in the area on Saturday. They attacked several settlements, including Danmarke, Gidan Sale, Gidan Sarka, Gidan Jiho, Gidan Ancho, among others. “Some vigilantes attempted to stop the hoodlums, but they were not enough to match their fighting power as they unleashed mayhem on the neighbourhood. “This morning, we gathered that 23 villagers were killed in the attack. We attended the burial rites of some of them this morning.” According to the source, “many people were also injured in the attack. Some of them have since been conveyed to Kankara General Hospital while others to hospitals in the state capital, Katsina.” Another source from the area said some of the terrorists were killed in the bloody clash though he could not ascertain their number. Confirming the report, SP Gambo Isah, spokesman, Katsina State Police Command, said they received information that “some group of bandits from Zamfara, came for celebration and later attacked Majifa village.” Gambo also noted that the police and other sister security agencies are on top of the matter, promising to provide detailed information as soon as it is available. Lately, communities in Kankara LGA of Katsina State have been under incessant attack by terrorists. Notable among them is the February 2, 2023, killing of over 100 people when ‘Yan Sakai’ vigilante members ran into an ambush between Bakori-Kankara crisis. Recall that earlier this year, some women were abducted while heading to Church at Gidan Haruna in Kankara. The police are yet to confirm whether they have been released or not.