Special Adviser to Lagos State Governor on drainages, Joe Igbokwe has declared that the president-elect Bola Tinubu will remain Nigeria’s president until 2031 and thereafter, handover power to a northerner who will rule the country till 2039. Igbokwe, who is a chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, stated this while replying to a comment on his Facebook post. DAILY POST reports that the Special Adviser to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu had made a post on his official page, justifying while Igbos residing in Lagos should support the re-election of the governor who is seeking his second term. According to him, the president-elect and former governor of the state had supported prominent Igbo businessmen in Lagos, stating that voting for Sanwo-Olu would be a pay back for Tinubu’s gesture over the years. He wrote, “President-Elect ASIWAJU BAT is a good friend of the Igbo and he did his best for prominent Igbo business men and women in Lagos including me. “This is payback time and we should do this by voting for GOV SANWO OLU en-mass on March 18.” However, in what looks like a disagreement to Igbokwe’s post, a follower Ejike Akunna stormed the comment section to ridicule the APC chieftain. Ejike wrote, “Dash him your wife and daughters and enthrone him as your family deity. That’ll be adequate payback”. Angered by Ejike’s comment, Igbokwe declared that despite anger and hatred being meted at Tinubu by Southeast people, Asiwaju would rule the country for eight years and hand over to a northerner, ruling out the possibility of Igbo presidency. His reply reads, “When I see the level of despicable abuses and calling of names coming from the South East young people I run away with the thinking that we Diderot not do our duties as parents. Shame has enveloped me from head to toes. “Ejike Akunna jisieike, mark my words here: Asiwaju from 2023 to 2031 and another Northerner from 2031 to 2039. We will still be children of anger and children of hate and life goes on. We will be on lookers because we refused to play politics. Dazzol!!!”