The Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke has insisted that he will look into the issue of civil servants recruited by the administration of his predecessor, Adegboyega Oyetola. Prior to the handover date of November 27, 2022, and after losing the Osun gubernatorial election on July 16, 2022, Governor Adegboyega Oyetola recruited workers, including medical doctors, pharmacists, laboratory scientists and health workers into the State Primary Healthcare Board. Prior to that, the state had employed some teachers whose recruitment had not been formalised. The Osun Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in opposing the move disclosed that it will nullify the recruitments and appointments done after the July 16 gubernatorial election on assuming office. Adeleke carried out the threat and on November 27, 2022, through a series of Executive Orders, he put the recruitment on hold. Some days later, he inaugurated a committee on recruitment to review the whole recruitment process. In a radio current affairs programme in Osogbo on Monday and as part of the activities marking the 100 days of his administration, Adeleke assured the recruited teachers and health workers affected by the Executive Orders that he was still awaiting the report of the recruitment committee. In his words, “The White Paper would be finished and I am still studying the situation, to know what is going on in that area. “Very soon, everything will be okay. Health workers and teachers. I am not going to cheat anybody. Everybody will be okay.” In January, 2023, both the recruited teachers and health workers had staged peaceful processions calling on the state government to consider their plight. On the part of the teachers, they maintained that they had been recruited before July 16, 2022 but that their recruitment was only formalised after the gubernatorial election which Ademola Adeleke won. They also urged the governor to help them as some of their colleagues had died due to depression. On the part of the health workers, they insisted that their recruitment was carried out as replacements for retired staff of the Board. They also insisted that their recruitment was carried out legally. The Spokesperson to the state governor, Olawale Rasheed had also affirmed that those recruited by the outgone administration were not sacked but added that the state government was still considering their status.