The Labour Party, LP, presidential candidate, Peter Obi, has been urged to keep his agreement with Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State before the 2023 presidential election. Obi is believed to have reached an agreement with Ikpeazu that the latter would support him during the presidential election. The agreement is believed to have led to Ikpeazu’s government granting Obi’s followers the necessary support during the presidential election. However, Chetachi Ikpe, the Coordinator of Peter Obi Grassroots Movement, asked Obi to honour the agreement because Ikpeazu sacrificed his senatorial ambition for Obi. A statement by Ikpe reads: “While assuring our principal and the man Nigerians overwhelmingly elected on February 25th, 2023 to be their president, Mr Peter Obi, the Presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) of our determination to march with him, all the way as he strives to recover his stolen mandate, we urge him to keep the agreement he had with his brother, Dr Okezie Victor Ikpeazu, the Abia State Governor. “We are aware that prior to last Saturday’s presidential election, Obi and Ikpeazu had an agreement that he (Ikpeazu) would support the LP candidate in the presidential poll, in any way he can while remaining a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). “It was based on the above that the Abia State Government gave all necessary logistics support to Obi during his campaign visit to the state and also ensured that we, Abia State Obidients operated in a conducive atmosphere without hindrance unlike some other Igbo Governors, notably Anambra, Imo and Ebonyi. “Most importantly, Ikpeazu, had the opportunity of “writing Abia State results” like Wike did but chose to forego that, so as not to tamper with Obi’s votes. Unfortunately, he ended up sacrificing his senatorial bid in the process. “It is therefore only fair and just that our principal should be his usual honourable self by keeping to the terms of the agreement which is that he should not come back again to Abia to openly campaign for Dr Alex Otti, to avoid antagonizing the Governor, who has kept his own side of the agreement and who still has so much to contribute in ensuring that Obi reclaims his stolen mandate. ”Agreement is agreement, the statement read.”