The Speaker of the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Olubunmi Adelugba, has welcomed the victory of the President-elect, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, in the February 25 presidential election. Adelugba described the victory of the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential flag bearer as “historic and remarkable in the nation’s political history” and a reward for his consistency as a democrat and lover of the masses. The Speaker, in her reaction to Tinubu’s declaration as the presidential poll winner conveyed through a statement by her Special Adviser (Media), Odunayo Ogunmola, said the President-elect holds a pan-Nigeria mandate which confirmed his acceptability to millions of voters who elected him. She lauded the contribution of the electorate in Ekiti State to the triumph of Tinubu with their votes, noting that their decision to keep faith in the APC offers the state a golden opportunity to benefit from the Tinubu presidency and the goodies it is bringing to the table. She noted that Tinubu’s emergence as the President-elect has consolidated democracy in Nigeria and deepened the faith of the electorate in the ballot box as the best way to choose leaders and representatives rather than resorting to undemocratic means. The Speaker said Tinubu’s vision for a new Nigeria, as espoused in his manifesto tagged “Renewed Hope”, would bring about a massive turnaround in the fortunes of the country and the standard of living of its citizens when he assumes office on May 29. She said the election of Tinubu as the next President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has confirmed the APC as the most popular, strongest and most attractive party to the electorate as the broom party has won the Presidency three times back-to-back in 2015, 2019 and 2023. She said the ascension of Tinubu to the nation’s highest seat has marked the dawn of a new era in which Nigerians would benefit from the intellect, experience, pedigree, competence and Midas’ touch for which the President-elect is renowned. “The victory of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and his subsequent declaration as the President-elect has consolidated democracy in our country and deepened the faith of the electorate in the ballot box as the best way to choose their leaders and representatives in government. “The emergence of Asiwaju Tinubu marks a new dawn in the history of Nigeria and in the lives of its citizens in their quest for purposeful governance to be driven by a visionary and a renowned team player who never disappoints. “Asiwaju is the best man for the job and kudos to Nigerians for defying all odds to elect him as the custodian of their mandate. He had proved his mettle with a stellar performance during his governorship of Lagos when he laid the foundation of what has now become the fifth-largest economy in Africa,” she said. The Speaker prayed to God to grant the President-elect wisdom, knowledge and sound health to exercise his mandate to the benefit of Nigerians and live up to their expectations in the coming years.