The governorship candidate of the Labour Party in Enugu State, Barr Chijioke Edeoga has asked his opponents in the forthcoming election to focus on issues. Edeoga, who spoke as a guest on a radio programme in Enugu, tacked his opponents who, according to him, have been making political capital by fanning the embers of disunity among the people. He said his mission is to heal the state from years of disunity and social and economic regression. He said the people of the state are united and share a common cultural bond that cannot be discountenanced by the actions of desperate political actors. Decrying the efforts to pit the people of Enugu East zone against their brothers in the Enugu North Zone of the state, the Labour Party flagbearer urged the people to cast their votes for him, because he is in the best position to heal the state of the imaginary divisions orchestrated by people whose only intention is political profits. “It is unfortunate that a number of people have been laying emphasis on what divides us, rather than the multitudinous factors that prove we are one people. But I have dedicated my life to making our state better. “People are working hard to wrought imaginary lines of division between and among us, but I am here to blight those lines,” he stated. Continuing, the journalist-turned politician said: “I am from the Enugu East senatorial zone and I maintain cultural ties with the Enugu North zone. This peculiar position puts me in good stead, better than any other candidate in this election to see everyone as one and the same. “As God had made it, my Deputy Governorship candidate, Charles Nwokeabia, is from Enugu West zone. This means that in the Labour Party, we have the type of rare balance that gives everyone in every part of the state a sense of belonging. We do not speak in zones. We speak of Enugu State as one united constituency in need of transformation, and this, we are determined to do.” Edeoga pledged to tackle water scarcity, revisit minimum wage and other issues affecting the people of the state. He said: “Enugu State is in need of sustainable employment generation” and called on the people of the state to rally behind him “in the onerous task of setting the state on the path of enduring prosperity through enterprise development and business-oriented public resource management.”