The Arewa community in Oyo State has declared that its decision to support Governor Seyi Makinde is not influenced by money. DAILY POST reports that the Arewa community is the umbrella body of the Hausa ethnic group in the state. The community noted that it decided to support the second term ambition of the governor due to what the governor has done for them. DAILY POST correspondent learnt that some individuals had earlier claimed that they rejected money given to them by the governor to support him (Makinde) for another term. The community has however said that it did not collect a dime before taking the decision to support the governor. The community made this disclosure after a meeting of the leaders of the Arewa community with the governor. The meeting was attended by Sarkin Sasa, Alhaji Haruna Maiyasin, Sarkin Hausawa of Ibadan, Alhaji Ali Xahiru Zungeru, Sarkin Sabon Garin Ogbomoso, Alhaji Haruna Bala Abdulsalam, Sarkin Hausawa of Sango Ibadan, Alhaji Awalu Abdullahi, Sarkin Hausawa of Bodija, Sarkin Hausawa of Oyo town, Youth Leader, PDP Arewa Community in Oyo State Alhaji Abdulazeez Kafo, leaders Jarmai of Ibadan, Alhaji Danjuma Yakubu and Alhaji Yahaya Dauda. The leader of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the Arewa community in the state, Alhaji Garuba Danladi who spoke after the meeting on behalf of the community, noted that the governor has done a lot of things for the community which made them to support him again without collecting any money. Danladi who spoke with DAILY POST on Sunday, said that the entire Arewa community in the state, including the leaders and their followers, have decided to support the governor due to what he has done for them. Danladi said: “We did not collect any money from the governor before we [decided to] support him. “We did it purposely because of what Makinde has done for us. We [once] had problems with electricity for seven months and he gave us N5m to do it. “He gave buses to the community to transport the dead ones to the cemetery. We also asked him for boreholes and he gave us. “So, there are many things he has done for us which made us support him. Let others who are contesting come out and mention what they have done for the Arewa community. He did all these before campaigns. “Those who attended the meeting with the governor are the leaders of the Arewa community. They are the one to speak on our behalf and they have already spoken.”