The South East Council of Traditional Rulers, on Thursday, said it was concerned over a rumoured plot by some desperate politicians to unleash mayhem during the forthcoming governorship and state Houses of Assembly elections. The community leaders stated this at a press briefing addressed by its Chairman, HRM Igwe Lawrence Agubuzu. A similar alarm had earlier been raised by the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, Enugu State chapter, as well as some opposition political parties in different Southeast States. Agubuzu, who is also the Chairman, Enugu State council of Traditional Rulers, said the press briefing became necessary as a result of some inflammatory statements by some political actors within the zone. Text of the press briefing was also signed by HRM Igwe Alfred Nnaemeka, the Obi Of Onitsha,
Chairman, Anambra State Council of Traditional Rulers, HRM Eze Joseph Nwabeke, Ezeamara of Eziama Ntigha, Chairman, Abia State Council of Traditional Rulers, HRM Eze E.C Okeke, Eze Imo,
Chairman Imo State Council of Traditional Rulers. The monarchs said they were privy to some rumours circulating in the region that some elements want to apply violence to disturb or disrupt the forthcoming Gubernatorial and State Houses of Assembly elections. “The Royal Fathers are seriously concerned about this development and would like to appeal to all the political parties to know that elections are not do or die affairs and that the beauty of democracy is that people, whether in government or out of government, live in free society. “In view of the above, the South East Council of Traditional Rulers kindly requests all the youth in the South East to conduct themselves peacefully before, during and after the elections. “All the Youth, whether indigenous or not in the South East, should not lend themselves as tools in the hands of political parties for the purpose of causing violence on the election day. “Political parties should honour the peace accord they signed by ensuring that they do not recruit and arm thugs to disrupt the elections. “The Independent National Electoral Commission should be truly professional and impartial in the discharge of their duties before, during and after the elections. “The law enforcement agencies should be equally professional and impartial to promptly and firmly stop or deal with those who try to commit electoral offences,” the community leaders advised. While lamenting that the zone had witnessed unnecessary violence and bloodshed in recent times due to insecurity, they expressed the hope that the forthcoming election would become free, fair, credible and violence-free. DAILY POST reports that traditional rulers at the press briefing included Igwe Julius Nnaji, the traditional ruler of Nike in Enugu State, HRM Igwe Abel Nwobodo, HRM Igwe C.C Afamefuna and HRM Igwe N.C Ilochi.