One person has allegedly been killed and 15 others injured during an altercation between members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bauchi State. Condemning the attacks on party faithful and innocent members of the public, the PDP alleged that suspected political thugs loyal to the opposition APC in the state carried out the attacks on its members. The Director-General, PDP Campaign Council in the state, Farouk Mustapha while briefing journalists at the Government House, Bauchi, early Thursday alleged that APC thugs attacked the ruling party’s members in Duguri, Alkaleri Local Government Area of the state, killing one person and injuring 15 others. Mustapha claimed the attacks were carried out despite the peace accord signed by the governorship candidates of all political parties contesting in the now-postponed governorship and House of Assembly elections. “Today is one of the saddest days in the political history of Bauchi State. All of the gubernatorial candidates of the various parties signed the peace accord at the state police command headquarters with all security agencies as it has been the practice in every election year. “However, the candidate of the APC, Air Marshal Sadique Baba Abubakar (rtd) was conspicuously absent. Only his deputy candidate was in attendance, showing no respect for peace and harmony to reign in Bauchi State. “To our dismay, while all the candidates were busy signing the peace accord, Air Marshal Sadique Baba Abubakar embarked on a last rush campaign tour to Duguri town, the hometown of Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, the sitting governor and the gubernatorial candidate of the PDP in the forthcoming governorship elections,” Mustapha said. He alleged that the APC gubernatorial candidate went to Duguri with armed political thugs and conventional security personnel. According to him, “Shockingly, the APC gubernatorial candidate moved into Duguri with thousands of political thugs, as well as conventional and noncommercial security outfits who were well armed to the brink. “As usual by his antecedents, considering what happened in his last campaign outings in Akuyam, Misau LGA and Toro, Toro LGA where they shot to death three people with no any investigation and action to bring the perpetrators to book.” “The APC gang leaders who led today’s (Wednesday’s) thuggery unleashed terror, and intimidation on the people of Duguri. They were chanting abusive words and breaking all PDP billboards carrying His Excellency’s pictures, buses, PDP offices and Keke NAPEP were all burnt down by the thugs. “This barbaric act which was resisted by the good people of Duguri led the thugs and even the security personnel to open fire on unarmed and innocent people of Duguri.’ Mustapha further alleged that several people were injured in the attack, adding that one Mallam Maiunguwa Shata was shot to death. He said 15 persons macheted by the APC thugs were taken to the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH) in Bauchi for treatment.