The Social Democratic Party gubernatorial flagbearer in Abia State, Apostle Ngozika Gladys Johnson-Ogbuneke, has vowed she will not step down for any candidate of another political party. She was speaking in a release issued on Wednesday after widespread rumour of her purported withdrawal from the state governorship race fixed for March 18th, 2023 by the Independent National Electoral Commission. She was particularly alarmed on the attempt and alleged clandestine move by Labour Party gubernatorial candidate in the state, Alex Otti, to bribe and lure her into stepping down from the race to ensure he sails through. According to the SDP candidate, “for the benefit of those praise-worshipping Dr Alex Otti, I think the time has come for people to really know this man for who he is. To know all those claiming that I, Apostle Dr Ngozika Gladys Johnson-Ogbuneke, has stepped down for them, they all  are liars. “Starting with Dr Alex Otti he has sent persons directly to me, to bribe me to step down and I refused, telling them that I came to run this race to the very end for the Abia youths, for the Abia women who have been marginalized for over 31 years and for the Abia girl-children whose potentials are not recognized”. Johnson-Ogbuneke warned Otti; the African Democratic Congress, ADC, governorship candidate, Bishop Sunday Onuoha; and that of Action Peoples Party, APP, Mascot Uzor-Kalu; to refrain from spreading lies against her and focus on their campaigns. “Daily, I am praying for a fair election and peaceful election in Abia State. If they continue to issue such lies against my candidacy,” she said. “I shall take them up for harassment. I stand as the voice of all Abia women, the youths and the girl-children. “If they love Abia state, I challenge them to do like Zaccheus (Luke19:1-13) and return to Abia State treasuries all the looted monies that they have taken out. “Let the people of Abia state see them truly for who they are. Your ugly propaganda cannot work, be stuffed with your dirty ill-gotten wealth. “Ngozi Abia will not step down for no one. Abia State shall be greatly built up indeed in Yeshua’s might name. Amen”.