The Chief Judge of Ebonyi State, Justice Elvis Ngene on Friday ordered the Nigeria Police Force, especially the state Commissioner of Police, Faleye Olaleye to carry out a thorough and independent investigation on the murder of a traditional Ruler, HRH, Ezeogo Christopher Igboke Ewa. Justice Ngene, however, issued an order restraining the inspector general Police, IGP, Usman Alkali Baba, Olaleye and other security agencies in the state from arresting or harassing the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Prof Benard Odoh. Recall that Odoh, who is standing for election in the forthcoming governorship poll, was declared ‘wanted’ by the police in connection with alleged murder of Monarch, Ewa. DAILY POST reports that one of the sons of the slain monarch, Prince Igboke Collins Emeka dragged the former Secretary to the State Government, SSG, Prof. Odoh and nine others, who were allegedly fingered in the murder, to a state High Court 1, sitting in Abakaliki capital of Ebonyi state. Recall also, that the Late monarch, who doubles as the Chairman of Ezza traditional Rulers Council, was murdered penultimate Monday night at his palace by unknown assassins. The applicant, Prince Igboke had prayed the court for an Order of Mandamus directing the CP and IGP to immediately arrest Prof. Odoh to answer to the allegation of his involvement in the murder of HRH Ezeogo, Ewa. But Counsel to Prof. Odoh led by C.K. Okorie, challenged the jurisdiction of the court to hear the application. Justice Ngene, after hearing the motion for jurisdiction and the substantive suit, ordered that the police should first do a thorough and independent investigation into the complaint and if anybody is found culpable of the alleged murder, such person should be arrested. The court, however, refused to order the arrest of Prof. Odoh as prayed by the applicants Responding to the ruling, one of the counsels to the 1st defendant, (Odoh); Petrus Elechi, applauded the court for not allowing itself to be used as tools for political witch-hunt. He expressed joy that the court stood on the path of the rule of law wherein it ordered that the police should carry out a thorough and independent investigation into the matter before moving for the arrest of anyone found culpable.