Former governor of old Anambra State, Senator Jim Nwobodo has urged Enugu politicians not to set the state ablaze ahead of the March 11, 2023 governorship election. Nwobodo made the appeal on Thursday while addressing journalists at his Amaechi country home. He said the appeal became necessary in view of a video where a senator-elect, Okey Ezea was heard saying that the guber election would be a do-or-die affair. Nwobodo said he was shocked that somebody who had just been elected to represent his people at the National Assembly could make such an inciting statement while addressing a gathering of his people. “He was inciting the good people of Nsukka against the people of Nkanu, literally drumming up war on the day of the next election. “First, I want to plead with the peace-loving people of Nkanu not to react violently to the unprovoked statement made by Ideke. The people of Nsukka are our brothers and sisters and not our enemies. As a governor of Old Anambra State, I had a very good relationship with Nsukka, and they were my great supporters.” He sued for peace, admonishing politicians not to destroy the peace being enjoyed in the state. He added that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, guber candidate, Peter Mbah is seeking to be governor of Enugu State made up of Enugu North, Enugu West, and Enugu East, and not the governor of Nkanu. “I repeat, Peter is contesting to be Governor of Enugu state from Nkanu and not Governor of Nkanu. “I strongly believe that the statement from Ideke does not represent the view of the good people of Nsukka that I know,” he further stated. Nwobodo equally condemned the reported murder of the Labour Party senatorial candidate for Enugu East zone, Barr. Oyibo Chukwu, describing it as unjustifiable. “I have condemned it before and I condemn it again. Oyibo Chukwu was a fine gentleman; there was no justification for anybody to kill him because of politics; anybody who is a killer is not supposed to be in government,” the elder statesman said.