Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi has vowed to reclaim the mandate he said Nigerians handed him on February 25, 2023. Obi contested against Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria Peoples. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, declared Tinubu the winner and President-elect in the wee hours of Wednesday. As of noon, Thursday, March 2, results from more than 28,000 polling units are yet to be uploaded on the INEC website. At a press conference in Abuja, the former Anambra State governor announced he and his party would head to court to challenge Tinubu’s victory. Obi, however, appealed to his supporters across the country to remain peaceful and allow the law to take its course. Full text of his speech: Dear Nigerians, 1. On 25th February 2023, Nigerians trooped out en masse to participate in what was promised and expected to be free, fair and transparent presidential and National Assembly elections. But in all things, we are enjoined to give thanks. 2. First to Almighty God for the privilege of making Datti Baba-Ahmed and I, the tools to champion the cause of a New Nigeria that will fundamentally enhance the fortunes of our dear country. Let me also appreciate and thank all Nigerians that participated in our last election, especially those who believed and tirelessly worked for a New Nigeria and voted for us. My profound thanks go to the youths, ‘Obidients’ and support groups for your commitment and resilience for a better Nigeria. You truly showed that you can take back your country! 3. We continue to pray for the repose of the souls of all Nigerians killed during the campaigns and for those that were violently attacked. We pray for their quick recovery. We reiterate our total condemnation of such attacks and continue to demand that security agencies stop further attacks and bring perpetrators to book. 4. The commitment and resilience of Nigerians, even in the face of unwarranted and barbaric attacks is a testimony that a New Nigeria is indeed Possible. The Lady, Jennifer Efidi who was stabbed but insisted on exercising her right to vote and indeed all Nigerians who voted during the election are the shining stars leading us to a New Nigeria! 5. The election has been conducted and results announced as programmed. It is a clear deviation from the electoral rules and guidelines as we were promised and did not meet the minimum criteria of a free, transparent, credible and fair election devoid of voter intimidation and suppression, and late commencement of voting in some specific states. 6. This will probably go down as one of the most controversial elections ever conducted in Nigeria. The good and hardworking people of Nigeria have again been robbed by the institutions and leaders whom we trusted. 7. However, let me humbly and most respectfully appeal to all Nigerians to remain peaceful, law-abiding and conduct themselves in a most responsible manner. Please be assured that for Datti and I, and indeed for all of us, this is not the end, but the beginning of the journey to birth a New Nigeria. 8. Datti Baba-Ahmed and I remain absolutely undaunted and deeply committed to this project of a New Nigeria that will be built on honesty, transparency, fairness, justice and equity. All of these start with the process – the process through which people are elected to office is as important (if not more important) than what they do thereafter with the office and authority. 9. If we seek to be called Your Excellency, then the process through which we are elected should also be excellent or sufficiently credible to generate the required confidence and moral authority to govern and lead. As you all know, the destruction of a society can be a gradual or sudden process through acts such as deliberate refusal to obey the rule of law and via the suppression of the will of the people. 10. Let me reiterate and assure my good people of Nigeria that we will follow all available legal and peaceful procedures to reclaim our mandate. 11. I urge you all to continue with your campaigns and troop out on Saturday 11th March 2023 to vote massively again for Labour Party, LP, (Mama, Papa and Pikin) in the Governorship and State Assembly Elections. Please do not despair at a time when we can still achieve massive victories in the forthcoming elections on the 11th of March 2023.