The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Imo State on Tuesday disclosed that results from Jigawa State were imported into Imo State, and transmitted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to iREV Portal on Sunday, February 26, 2026. PDP alleged that INEC in Imo swapped the imported results with the authentic results from the three other local government areas, particularly, Aboh Mbaise, Oguta and Ehime Mbano, where PDP won by over eighty percent of the total votes cast. The opposition party made this disclosure in a statement signed by Collins Opurozor, the state Publicity Secretary made available to DAILY POST in Owerri, Imo State. The statement reads,” Producing fake results for places where elections weren’t held was the first stage. Elections in the Okigwe LGA’s Ihube, Agbobu, Umuowaibu, Aku, Umulolo, Ogii, and Amuro Wards did not take place. However, Senator Uzodinma’s representatives received the election materials for the areas from Imo State INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner Prof. Sylvia Agu. “Results were ultimately written in favor of APC. These faked results were accepted and announced by the state’s INEC, which is very corrupt and tainted and is led by Prof. Agu. In the history of Nigerian elections, INEC has never treated us so poorly! “The worst occurred in three additional Local Government Areas, specifically Aboh Mbaise, Oguta, and Ehime Mbano, where PDP won by more than 80% of the total votes cast. Jigawa State results were brought into Imo State, where this morally bankrupt INEC replaced them with the real results from the polling places spread across these three LGAs. On Sunday, February 26th, 2026, the Jigawa findings were subsequently sent to iREV Portal. “By the time it got dark on Sunday, February 26th, the following voting units in Aboh Mbaise LGA had been replaced with results from Jigawa State: Community School Okwu Na Akuwa, Community School Ndigbo, Community School Egbelu, Umumbie Hall, Umunobi Umuoshi Village Hall, Umuorobara Hall, Egbelu Ndiegbo Hall, Umuaghara Hall, Umueke Hall, “In Ehime Mbano LGA, Isi Orie Primary School, Umuopara-Ama Hall, Umuezeala Offor Hall, Obom Umuako Square, Secondary School Umuezeala-Ama, Ukwuegbu Umuaro Hall, Ukwuobu Umuezeala Ogwara C/SUmuagba/Umuoba Hall, Community School Umuezeala-Ama, Umuduru Aro Square 1, Umuduru Aro Square 11, and Isi-Afor Primary School were polling units where Jigawa results were also uploaded and transmitted. “This same fraud happened in Oguta LGA. For Orsu and Oru East, and most parts of Orlu LGA where elections never held at all, results from Jigawa State were similarly uploaded onto the INEC Server, while their authentic result sheets delivered to Imo APC by INEC for the second phase of the fraud. In Njaba LGA, the INEC Electoral Officer who refused to yield to threats by agents of the APC to do this same thing was abducted and almost assassinated. Till date, the elections in Njaba remain inconclusive In Ehime Mbano LGA, Isi Orie Primary School, Umuopara-Ama Hall, Umuezeala Offor Hall, Obom Umuako Square, Secondary School Umuezeala-Ama, Ukwuegbu Umuaro Hall, Ukwuobu Umuezeala Ogwara C/SUmuagba/Umuoba Hall, Community School Umuezeala-Ama, Umuduru Aro Square 1, Umuduru Aro Square 11, and Isi-Afor Primary School were polling units where Jigawa results were also uploaded and transmitted. “The Oguta LGA experienced the same fraud. Results from Jigawa State were similarly uploaded onto the INEC server for Orsu and Oru East, as well as the majority of Orlu LGA, where elections were never held at all. Their original result sheets were then delivered to Imo APC by INEC for the second phase of the fraud. The INEC Electoral Officer in Njaba LGA declined to comply with threats made by APC representatives to do this same thing was abducted and almost assassinated. Till date, the elections in Njaba remain inconclusive. “By the late hours of Wednesday, the writing and rewriting of the results from Imo polling units had been concluded by agents of the APC, and INEC accepted them. That was when INEC in Imo began to cover its tracks, unaware that the internet footprints and many other damning proofs of the criminal subversion of the will of Imo people and bizarre importation of alien results into Imo were firmly already at our disposal. And by Thursday, March 2nd, INEC began to pull down the Jigawa State results earlier uploaded on the iREV as Imo results. In some instances, results written right in Douglas House were uploaded as replacements for the previous ones from Jigawa. In other instances, no results were uploaded at all. “For Mbaitoli LGA, there were no elections in about eighty-eight (88) polling units, while two (2) polling units in Owerri West and three (3) polling units in Owerri Municipal had no elections. This means that for Owerri senatorial district, elections were never held at polling units with total number of collected PVCs placed at about forty-one thousand, three hundred and thirty-nine (41, 339). Yet, INEC went ahead to violate the clear provisions of the Electoral Act by declaring someone Senator-Elect even when the margin of lead between the so-called winner and the second person was less than thirteen thousand (13,000) votes. This is outrageous! “Agents of the APC had finished drafting and rewriting the results from the Imo voting units by Wednesday night, and INEC had accepted them. At that point, INEC in Imo started to hide its tracks, not realizing that we already had plenty of damning evidence of the criminal subversion of the Imo people’s will and odd importation of foreign results into Imo, including internet traces and many other evidence-rich documents. Then on March 2nd, INEC started downloading the Jigawa State results that had previously been put on the iREV as Imo results. In certain cases, results created directly in Douglas House were posted in place of the Jigawa results. Other times, no results at all were posted. “There were no elections in roughly 88 polling places for the Mbaitoli LGA, while there were no elections in two (2) Owerri West and three (3) Owerri Municipal polling places. This indicates that there have never been elections in the Owerri senatorial district, with the total number of PVCs collected estimated to be around 41,339 (41, 339). Nonetheless, INEC went ahead and broke the Election Act’s explicit rules by announcing someone as senator-elect despite the fact that the lead between the so-called winner and the runner-up was fewer than 13,000 votes. This is ridiculous. “Imo PDP declares unequivocally that INEC in Imo, headed by Prof. Sylvia Agu, is now completely and irredeemably unsuitable to continue to act as umpire for further elections in the State in light of this solid evidence of corruption, crime, and open manipulation of the electoral process. “Unluckily, the Prof. Agu-led INEC in Imo State has identified itself as the Imo APC’s election-rigging apparatus. Prof. Agu has continued this smear campaign in ways that are particularly damaging to democracy and that could ignite social unrest, anarchy, or even war in Imo State. According to Imo PDP, “running in any election in Imo under this politicized and corrupted INEC and expecting the process to be free, fair, and transparent is nothing more than a mirage. “Our Party has already received reliable information that the Imo INEC has sent the results sheets for this Saturday’s State Assembly elections to the Imo State Government House, where APC agents and INEC officials are writing results and announcing APC candidates as winners for elections that have not yet taken place. “Thus, Imo PDP requests that Prof. Sylvia Agu be immediately removed from her position as Imo State’s INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner. All Imo State residents must work together to maintain our democracy, and Prof. Agu’s continuing presence in the state is highly counterproductive to that goal. Imo State needs to have her removed immediately! “Furthermore, in order to act as a deterrence to other dishonest INEC employees, our Party calls on the appropriate security services to detain and prosecute Prof. Agu in accordance with the requirements of the Election Act.”