A gardener at one of the private universities in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, has been arrested for alleged cultism and for being in possession of ammunition. Five other accomplices of the said gardener, identified as Emmanuel Victor (32 years), were also arrested. They were apprehended by the So-Safe Corps as some of those terrorising Rounder and other parts of Abeokuta North Local Government, Ogun State. In a statement on Thursday, So-Safe State Commander, Soji Ganzallo, said the officers of the corps on guard duty at Obasanjo Hilltop, Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta, arrested the private university gardener during a stop-and-search operation. Ganzallo said Victor, a resident of Feyintolorun Community, Rounder, Abeokuta North, was searched at the access gate of the estate and he was found with four live ammunitions in his possession. According to Ganzallo, Victor confessed during preliminary investigation that the ammunition was found on him while he was returning from the residence of his employer situated within the Obasanjo Hilltop.  The So-Safe Corps quoted the man as saying that he works as a gardener at a private university (name withheld) in Abeokuta. The suspect was said to have mentioned four of his fellow members of Aye Confraternity to include Messrs Isiaka Jimoh, 33; Oluwaseun Gabriel, 20; Ojeka Samuel, 19 and Adisa Rasheed, 19; who all live at Feyintolorun and Iyana Cele areas of Rounder, Abeokuta. Ganzallo further said that the culprit revealed that one of his superiors in the cult group, Mr Olumide Abdullah, nicknamed ‘Maintain’, a resident of 5, Adehun, Iyana Cele, Rounder, had asked him to get the ammunition. It was gathered that the group could have secured a rifle if not for the cashless policy that made them spend the N20,000 generated for the purpose. Some members of the group, which Ganzallo said has its base at Adogbon Shop, Rounder in Abeokuta, are currently at large. Ganzallo noted that the culprits and the items recovered from them – three axes, five cutlasses, four scissors, one knife, one Islamic rosary and one spinner – had been transferred to the police Anti-Cultism Unit, Oke-Ijemo, Abeokuta for further investigation and onward transfer to the State Police Headquarters, Eleweran, Abeokuta. 