The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Yakubu Lado Danmarke and the Director General, Atiku/Lado Campaign Council, Dr Mustapha Muhammad Inuwa have been dragged to court over alleged mismanagement and diversion of N2 billion assigned for the Presidential and National Assembly elections in katsina State. The embattled Acting Chairman of the party, Salisu Lawal Uli along with some Local Government Chairmen of the party filed the ex-parte motion at the Katsina State High Court on Wednesday. The appellants prayed the court to compel the duo to account for over N1.05 billion out of the N2 billion assigned by the party’s presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar during the presidential and national assembly elections held recently. Reacting to the development, the Katsina PDP Legal Adviser, Mustapha Shittu Mahuta esq, said the case was filed sequel to the numerous complaints received from party agents across the 34 LGAs and the 6652 wards of the state that they have not been paid their transport allowances and other logistics. Uli, who also spoke to Daily Post on the development said the alleged mismanagement and diversion of funds by the duo was responsible for the abysmal performance of the party in the recently concluded Presidential and National Assembly elections. Uli said: “His Excellency, Atiku Abubakar gave the presidential/gubernatorial Campaign Council for Katsina State N2 billion for election activities. “By our estimation, only over N900 million was spent for logistics such as agents payment, transportation, feeding allowances, among others. “If you divide the N2 billion by the 6,652 polling units across the 34 LGAs in the state, that will amount to N300,000 per polling unit but instead they gave out 70,000 and even in some places, they gave out N40,000 to 50,000. “So, we want them to account for the money and return the balance to His Excellency, Atiku Abubakar since they did not work as expected. If they did, PDP would have won Katsina with a wider margin in the presidential election.”