A socio-political organisation in Ogun State, the Gateway Tower, has described as pure fabrication, a story credited to some individuals parading themselves as Ogun workers and campaigning against Governor Dapo Abiodun’s second bid. The group asserted that those behind the fake news were frustrated politicians afraid of the intimidating and stellar performance of Governor Dapo Abiodun in the last four years. This was contained in a press statement signed by Jacob Adigun and Kemi Ilori, the Coordinator and Publicity Secretary, respectively. According to the statement, contrary to the smear campaign by the fictitious and faceless workers, most civil servants in the State are grateful to the governor for several pro-workers policies and the exceptional welfare package for the workforce. It asserted that the propagandists’ thinking is backward and primitive, adding that by all standards and principles, civil servants in Ogun are responsible and highly cerebral and beyond such divisive tendencies. “We consider as laughable and lacking logic the smear campaign by failed political players in the State led by a despotic and megalomaniac former Governor of the State, Senator Ibikunle Amosun. “It is obvious that Amosun and his co-travellers have become jittery and intimidated by the larger-than-life personality of Prince Dapo Abiodun and his style of governance, which had endeared many of the electorates to him, especially the civil servants. “Indeed, this story is nothing but the hallucination of drowning politicians. To set the records straight, nothing of such emanated from any civil servants in the State. “As a matter of fact, all civil servants are ready to reciprocate the good leadership and inclusive governance of Governor Dapo Abiodun come March 11, and massively vote for his reelection to continue his good deeds. “We indeed understand the plight of these individuals behind the propaganda; we, therefore, advise them to change their ways before nemesis catches up with them”, the statement read.