Special Adviser to Governor Chukwuma Soludo on Political Matters, Dr Alex Obiogbolu, has alleged that Anambra House of Assembly Labour Party candidates are being sponsored to fight the state government when they win. Obiogbolu, who spoke with journalists in Awka, said Anambra needs to vote for candidates of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, to avoid lawmakers who will distract the governor, when sworn in, from doing the wonderful job he has at hand. He, however, added that the governor is not looking for a rubber stamp assembly, as he is ready to work with people of all parties, but the problem remains that the candidates running on the platform of the Labour Party, were being sponsored for ulterior motives. “It is not that Gov Charles Soludo cannot work with lawmakers who are not of APGA; after all, the current House of Assembly is made up of PDP, APC and APGA, and we have not had any issue at all. “Soludo is well informed and experienced that he can work with them, and don’t forget that he is a homeboy and he is not new to politics. So the issue of rubber stamp lawmakers does not come in here. “What we are looking at is the motive or the intent of some people who want to send some people to the State Assembly. “Are they going to the House of Assembly to represent their constituencies, to make good laws for the state and carry out their oversight functions as stipulated by the law? Are they going to the House of Assembly to see sense in what Governor Charles Soludo is doing for the people of the state? Are they being sponsored to the Assembly chambers to do the needful in the area of checks and balances for the good of the state? “When you hear the mantra known as; payback time, you can agree with me that it sounds vindictive in every sense and manner. What is payback time? It means since ‘Soludo didn’t support Peter Obi of Labour Party, we are going to vote in the Labour Party candidates, so that he would know no rest as the governor’, and whatever he does be it good or not would be frustrated and if possible impeach him outrightly. “If we have lawmakers across the political parties in the State Assembly that are out for good governance and with the most of honest intentions, they are welcome. But what would not benefit our state is for some people who are also Anambra people to come in to overheat the polity,” he said.