Ekiti Governor, Mr Biodun Oyebanji has asked people of the state to expect more infrastructural developments. The Governor also urged the people to join hands with the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led administration in the country, saying the move would further enhance infrastructural development across the country. Governor Oyebanji, spoke in his office in Ado-Ekiti yesterday after APC supporters, transport unions and many groups came to felicitate with him on the victory of APC Presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Among different groups and associations who came to felicitate with the governor are, drivers’ unions, tricycle and Okada riders, artisans, members of the APC as well as women groups among others. Oyebanji who thanked the people over what he described as their support during the conduct of the presidential elections, said the victory of the APC signified the beginning of good things in the party. Speaking further on the victory of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu at the poll, the Ekiti State Governor, urged the people to be patient and remain loyal to the party, promising that the President-elect would fulfil all the electioneering campaign promises. “I congratulate you for the victory, the President-elect has promised to assist Ekiti State, especially the youths, I urge you to continue in your support and prayers for him, be magnanimous in victory and celebrations. “I equally want to remind you that the State House of Assembly election is coming up in ten days’ time, I urged you to vote for APC and ensure its victory during the conduct of the exercise” On those that were aggrieved during the last primary elections, the Governor urged them to work for the success of the party, assuring them that the APC under his watch in the state would continue to strive and ensure the success of the party in the state. He disclosed that his administration has concluded plans to establish a special ministry for the women in the State apparently to carter for their welfare. On other contestants, the Governor said each and every one of them has the right to make their choices after the winner has been declared, but urged them to cooperate with the President-elect in moving the country to an enviable position.