If you’re reading this, you’re bound to have encountered renovation or construction work at some point in your life. Even if it’s just a matter of sorting out your bathroom or kitchen, it can be a really stressful time and there can be no end of unexpected complications. There are so many decisions to make and issues to discuss. Among the most important is certainly how to find an honest and reliable local professional who will carry out all the work professionally and promptly. Everyone’s heard horror stories of contractors who constantly cancel meetings, quote high prices, and in the end, if they do finish the job, the work is substandard. If you find yourself agonising about looking for a contractor, we’re delighted to tell you there’s a solution. It’s in the form of the ever popular web portal and its main aim is to provide a positive experience when it comes to renovation or construction work. And so the leading portal for construction and renovation Daibau.ng is finally available in Nigeria, too! If you need help with building or renovation work, you can now choose from thousands of local professionals. Daibau.ng, one of most widely used construction and renovation web portals in Europe, has finally come to Nigeria Your personal e-adviser for construction and renovation work The main aim of the online platform, which is already well known in Europe, is to provide a different experience than what we are used to when it comes to any home renovation or construction project: an experience devoid of stress and disappointment, in fact quite the opposite – one that provides nothing but satisfaction from start to finish. Daibau is the key to everything because it acts as your personal e-adviser, providing you with a comprehensive list of the best professionals and their references all in one place. With the help of the platform, you’ll also be able to manage your budget and any deadlines better and more efficiently. Have a look at all the ways Daibau.ng can be of use to you. How to find the best local professionals Above all, it’s our huge database of contractors and service providers for all possible construction jobs that enables us to provide a positive user experience. From concreting, decorating, electrical installations, and landscaping to the installation of AC units, plumbing, and carpentry services, as well as many other activities – they’re all there. To find the right professional for your project, simply submit an enquiry via the portal. When doing so, you’ll need to give specific details about your project, i.e., to specify the type of work, when you want the work done, what the deadline is, and the location. The contractor search system on the Daibau platform is designed to take into account all your wishes, so you’ll then be presented with the best contractors to suit your requirements. The contractors that the portal suggests have already been evaluated by previous clients who used them for similar jobs. Besides wanting to simplify the renovation and building process, the main advantages that the Daibau platform offers are transparency, fairness, and quality of the services provided. How is this even possible? Our web portal allows you to evaluate and comment on the professionals you have used after the work has been completed. Since they are evaluated directly based on the experiences of several users or subscribers, when visiting the portal, you will quickly get a realistic and accurate insight into the quality they offer and on this basis it will be easier for you to make a decision. An assessment based on a large sample of different people is much more objective than a friend’s recommendation, which represents only one, isolated experience. As the web portal is based on a system of evaluating a contractor after work has been completed, it means the contractors are more committed and strive to work honestly and reliably to provide a top quality service. If a contractor receives bad reviews, it automatically means bad publicity for them, which, of course, no one wants. Daibau.ng therefore allows you to have more control over the entire process, from the initial meeting to the completion of the job.  Evaluation and comments on service providers, written by clients themselves, ensure transparency, fairness, and realistic prices. In short, Daibau.ng is active in Nigeria. Now you know where to click the next time you’re looking for a professional to carry out construction work or provide services so as to make the whole process as simple as possible. Nothing can compare to living in a home that you’ve got looking just the way you want it. And it’s no small thing to know there’s a platform out there that will mean any future home improvements can be carried out simply, quickly, reliably, and to a high standard. We’re sorry, but there really can’t be any more excuses for putting off that renovation work.