For being what they described as the most worker-friendly governor, the organized labour in Bauchi State has endorsed the state governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed for a second term in office. This was revealed on Wednesday at an interactive session with the governor by the leadership of labour in the state, who declared that they unanimously passed a vote of confidence on Governor Mohammed-led administration with its tireless efforts towards the advancement of civil service in the state. Speaking at the interactive session, the chairman of the Trade Union Congress (TUC), Comrade Mohammed Sabi’u Barau and his State Joint Public Service Negotiating Council (JPSNC) counterpart, Comrade Dauda Shu’aibu, thumbed up the governor for prompt payment of salaries and pensions. They added that the Mohammed administration has been able to totally renovate the state secretariat, provided opportunities for training of workers as well as the implementations of promotions and the consequential adjustment of the N30,000 national minimum wage for officers on GL07 and above in the state public service. Pledging to reciprocate the governor’s gesture towards civil servants in the state, the labour leaders assured that they would support the governor to succeed in the March 11 gubernatorial election in the state. “Your Excellency, we are here to say thank you for what you have achieved in the civil service of Bauchi. You have done a lot in the system and as such we must appreciate you so as to encourage you to do more in the service,” the TUC chairman said. On his part, Comrade Shu’aibu said: “We don’t have much issue with your administration. But we want you to do more for the workers of Bauchi State and on their behalf and the leadership of all the trade unions we are declaring our support to His Excellency’s reelection bid.” Responding, Governor Mohammed expressed his gratitude to the organized labour for the endorsement of his reelection bid. He then promised workers of his determination to redouble efforts in ensuring better civil service capable of providing efficient and effective service delivery to the people in the state if reelected. Governor Mohammed said prompt payment of salaries and pensions and the implementation of the consequential adjustment of the N30,000 national minimum wage for all cadres of civil servants were parts of efforts by his administration to motivate and improve the standard of living of both state and local government civil servants. He assured that he meant well for not only civil servants but also the entire people of the state and then solicited more support from the people of the state. “Today, your endorsement for my reelection bid is a great honour to me. This is to show me that you have appreciated the little that I did in the civil service, which to me is not enough. “I assure you in my second term, Insha Allah, the service will be better than its current situation. I meant well for Bauchi State. I urge you to vote for me again and continue to give me maximum cooperation and support so as to improve the quality of the services of our workers and indeed the entire people of Bauchi State,” the governor said.