te of Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Oyo State, Barrister Michael Folorunsho Lana has declared that he is not stepping down for the gubernatorial candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) Senator Teslim Folarin. Lana, a former commissioner of justice and attorney general made this disclosure while addressing a press conference Wednesday evening in Ibadan. DAILY POST gathered that some leaders of the party had earlier pledged their support for Folarin. Lana, who is the gubernatorial candidate of the party has, however, said that he is still in the race to win the election on Saturday. He insisted that he is not steeping down for the APC candidate, Teslim Folarin. Lana who addressed journalists Wednesday evening in his office insisted that all the 11 local government chairmen of the party in Ibadanland are not supporting Folarin. He added that the people of the state are looking for a competent hand and not a religious bigot. Lana said, “It has just come to my notice that the leadership of our party, SDP of which I am the governorship candidate has collapsed its structure in favour of Senator Teslim Folarin, the candidate of APC. “While it is the right of every person to choose the candidate he or she wants to vote for, it is however unfortunate the way and manner this has happened, though none of us from Ibadan is surprised because from the beginning the body language of the state chairman had shown that he never meant well for the party despite all our efforts. “First they alleged that I am not as rich as the other candidates but they cannot fault the fact that I have refused to be wealthy because I have to use my law practice to fight for the poor and the downtrodden and they have not been able to show that the wealthy candidates they want to support are better than me in taking our people from the doldrums of abject poverty or that they have the kind integrity that I have. “People of Oyo State wanted a competent hand at the helm of affairs and not a religious bigot. And it is easy to know the best candidate from the BBC debate and Splash FM debate. I never knew that some leaders in Oyo state will descend to this level where competence would be sacrificed on the alter of riches and religion. “I want to let it be clear to everyone of us that I and all the 11 local government chairmen in the 11 local government areas in Ibadanland are not supporting Senator Teslim Folarin and I have been mandated by them not to step down for him or the APC”.