Liverpool will, on Sunday evening, host Manchester United in the Premier League match-day 26 fixture at Anfield. Liverpool head to the game after beating Wolves 2-0 in their previous Premier League encounter on Wednesday while Man United defeated Newcastle United 2-0 last Sunday. Jurgen Klopp’s side are currently in sixth position on the Premier League table with 39 points from 24 games while the Red Devils are in third position with 49 points from 24 matches. The last time both teams met in August, Man United defeated Liverpool 2-1 at Old Trafford. Liverpool’s team news: The likes of Thiago Alcantara, Joe Gomez, Luis Diaz, and Calvin Ramsay are all set to miss the Man United clash due to injury, while Naby Keita’s injury will need assessment. Arthur Melo’s wait for his first Premier League game also goes on as he builds up his match fitness, but Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is still faced with a number of healthy selection dilemmas in the attack. Liverpool’s probable starting XI:
Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Robertson, Van Dijk, Henderson, Fabinho, Bajcetic, Nunez, Salah, Gakpo Manchester United’s team news:
Man United have different confirmed absentees of their own in Anthony Martial, Christian Eriksen and Donny van de Beek, while Mason Greenwood is still not being considered for a return to the first team. Neither Luke Shaw (knock) nor Jadon Sancho (illness) were involved in the FA Cup victory over West Ham, but the pair should not be sidelined for long and will push to return for the trip to Old Trafford. Shaw will come in for Tyrell Malacia should he prove his fitness, while the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Marcus Rashford, Casemiro and Fred are primed to return to the first XI after being named on the bench in midweek against West Ham. Manchester United’s probable starting XI:
De Gea, Wan-Bissaka, Varane, Martinez, Shaw, Casemiro, Fred, Antony, Fernandes, Weghorst, Rashford Prediction: DAILY POST predicts that Man United will defeat Liverpool. The match will end 1-2. The kick-off time for Liverpool vs Man United is 5:30 pm.