Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The leadership of the ruling All Progressives Congress has invited the President-elect, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu; his running mate, Senator Kashim Shettima; senators-elect and members of the House of Representatives-elect on its platform to a crucial meeting. The closed-door meeting is scheduled to hold at the State House in Abuja on Monday. 2. The Central Bank of Nigeria says residents of rural and unbanked areas can no longer swap old notes for new ones through its cash swap programme. The CBN Acting Spokesperson, Isa Abdulmumin, disclosed this in a telephone chat with our correspondent, noting that the programme had fulfilled its mandate. 3. The Ekiti State Government has warned citizens not to reject the old naira notes as means of transaction in line with the Supreme Court judgement otherwise they would be arrested and face prosecution. The Abia State Government also threatened to sanction anyone found rejecting the old notes. 4. The Zamfara State Police Command has rescued 14 victims of kidnap who had been in captivity for 68 days. The spokesperson for the command, SP Mohammed Shehu, said the victims were rescued by the police tactical operatives in conjunction with a vigilance group during a mop-up at Munhaye Forest in the Tsafe Local Government Area of the state. 5. The remains of late Senator Joseph Wayas who was President of Nigeria’s Senate in the Second Republic, (1979-1983) have reportedly been abandoned in a London hospital. Family sources said yesterday that financial help was no longer coming and they on their own could barely cope with maintaining the body. 6. The driver of the Lagos State staff bus crushed by a train at the PWD/Shogunle railway line, on Agege Motor Road, Lagos, has revealed the reason behind the Thursday collision which claimed six lives and injured about 84 others. Oluwaseun Osinbajo said the bus developed a mechanical fault on the rail track, claiming that the crash was not his fault. 7. Joe Igbokwe, Special Adviser to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Drainage and Water Resources, has mocked the South East region where he hails from, boasting that Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the president-elect, would rule Nigeria for eight years and hand over power to a northerner. 8. The National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) Renewal Group has advised opposition parties agitating against the declaration of Bola Tinubu as president to perish the thought of upturning his victory. In a statement issued on Saturday in Ado-Ekiti, the group described Tinubu’s emergence as president-elect as the best thing that had ever happened to Nigeria in recent times. 9. Tragedy struck in Owo, Ondo State, weekend, as a five-month-old baby and mother were reportedly killed by generator smoke they inhaled overnight. Reports had it that the family purchased the generator on Monday and it caused their death on Friday night. The deceased, identified as Tawa, and her husband were staff of the Federal Medical Centre, FMC, Owo. 10. South African entertainer, Costa Titch has reportedly died. His death was confirmed by commentator Phil Mphela on Twitter just before midnight and was followed by a string of sombre reactions from industry colleagues.
Costa was born in Nelspruit, Mpumalanga in 1995 and is known for several hits, including Nkalakatha and Activate.