Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Deposit Money Banks in the country have begun partial compliance with the Supreme Court order approving the use of old N1,000, N500 and N200 notes as legal tender for 10 months. On Monday, findings revealed that commercial banks had begun partial compliance with the order even though the Central Bank of Nigeria and the Office of the Attorney General of the Federation kept mum on the matter. 2. The Independent National Electoral Commission has asked the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal to vary the orders that were granted to the candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party and Labour Party, Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi, respectively, to inspect materials used for the last presidential election. The INEC said it needed to reconfigure the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System for the next round of elections. 3. A soldier, Lance Corporal Nwobodo Chinoso, has killed himself after shooting three persons dead at the accommodation centre of the Forward Operating Base in Rabah, Sokoto State. It was gathered that the victims include the Commander of the Forward Operating Base, Rabah Command, Lt. Sam Oladapo, the FOB, Rabah Command, Sergeant Major Iliyasu Inusa, and another private soldier, Attahiru Mohammed. 4. No fewer than 50 persons have been feared killed during a four-day attack by suspected herdsmen who invaded some communities in Kwande Local Government Area of Benue State. The affected communities include Adam, Iyarinwa, Abamde Ityuluv, Waya Boagundu, Agura Ayaga and Azege areas in Turan Council Ward, Kwande LGA. 5. Embattled House of Representatives Majority Leader, Alhassan Ado Doguwa was on Monday afternoon granted bail to the tune of N500 million and two reliable sureties in like sum by the Federal High Court in Kano presided over by Justice Muhammad Nasir Yunus. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar, the National Chairman of the party, Dr Iyorchia Ayu and the Director General of the PDP Campaign, Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, are among party leaders that led a peaceful protest to the office of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), in Abuja. 7. One person was reportedly set ablaze inside his Sienna car when gunmen stormed the Abakpa area of the Enugu metropolis at about 5:30 am, yesterday. About two vehicles and five tricycles were also burnt by the hoodlums suspected to be enforcing a sit-at-home order that was gradually being ignored by residents in the South-East. 8. Some members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State, under the aegis of PDP Vanguard, have drawn a battleline with Governor Seyi Makinde, who is seeking re-election for a second time in office. They said they have chosen to work against Makinde, and that they would instead support the governorship candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Teslim Folarin. 9. President-elect, Bola Tinubu, has urged Nigerians to come together to defeat merchants of death and terror once and for all and stop them from mindless killings and atrocities. Tinubu made the appeal while condemning attacks in Maru Local Government of Zamfara State and Maigari town of Rimin Gado Local Government in Kano State by bandits. 10. Ten family members were on Sunday around 5pm killed in a road accident on the Kaduna-Kachia highway while returning from a wedding in Kano State. It was gathered the victims’ vehicle had a head-on collision with a lorry conveying firewood.