The proposed election of the Imo State chapter of the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, has been put on hold following disagreements and conflict over the exercise slated to hold at the National Union Local Government Employees premises in Owerri on Tuesday, March 7, 2023. DAILY POST reports that the electoral officer and some members of the national leaders who were present to witness the election scampered for safety and declared the exercise cancelled. Speaking with the Imo State Caretaker Committee chairman of NLC, Rev. Dr. Nwansi Philip, he described the process as riddled with anomalies and praised the cancellation by the Electoral Officer, EO. He said that the State Executive Council’s (SEC) screening committee disenfranchised and disqualified qualified voters and candidates by failing to conduct a transparent vetting of delegates. “Firstly, the screening committee formed by the State Executive Council failed to do its job transparently and as expected. Even at the time of the election, the committee was still not ready to tell the workers of Imo state the situation of things. As a result of that, there was an uproar, and consequently, the exercise was cancelled by the Electoral Officer. “Let me further draw your attention to the fact that some union members, under the leadership of one George Ofoegbu, have been stirring up conflict and assuming authority for themselves by encouraging our members to elect him as the new chairman. “They planned to have some contestants eliminated by working with the screening committee. For instance, as I am running for chairman, I can confirm that there was no candidate vetting before the election. But to our amazement, we learned that the screening committee had dismissed certain applicants. What a screening method! “The NLC is a great organization that cannot afford to have its long-standing image damaged by a few individuals whose business it is to mislead the public and bring the organization to shame. It won’t happen, we promise. “I appreciate the electoral body’s decision to call off the poll to quell the agitation that was building up. I also appeal to the NLC’s national leadership to come to our aid and take the necessary steps to ensure that the NLC in Imo state runs an election that is free of fraud and that powerful executives are elected,” he said. Since the election did not take place, Nwansi, who is also the Imo State chairman of the Nigerian Union of Teachers, NUT, insisted that he is still the state chairman of the NLC even though the caretaker committee’s term was set to expire on March 7, 2023. The Imo State Government, he continued, has maintained its neutrality throughout the entire process and, therefore, could not be held accountable for anything. Comrade Richards Eze, the Imo President of the National Union of Local Government Employees, while reacting to the cancellation, said that he was also disqualified for the position of vice chairman by the screening committee. “I woke up a few days before the proposed election to hear that I have been disqualified by the screening committee. And I ask on what basis? Where and when was the screening held? No written letter to my disqualification. Everything was just done orally. “These are the things that contributed to the situation we have today. You don’t disqualify or disenfranchise eligible voters in this election. If you do, you are fanning the embers of discord among members. “The major problem we have here in Imo is Comrade George Ofoegbu who arrogates power to himself as if he is the new chairman. He once pointed out and told me that he must disqualify me. This is funny,” he said. Richards, who doubles as the state auditor of NLC, appealed to the national leadership to call Comrade George Ofoegbu in the interest of peace. When contacted, Ofoegbu boasted that he would win with a wide margin anytime the election was rescheduled. He claimed that those disqualified by the screening committee recruited thugs to disrupt the exercise, maintaining that screening was held at the state NLC secretariat before the election. He further described the Governor, Hope Uzodinma, as a friendly type who does not take sides in matters concerning union or association, calling on NLC workers in the state to remain resolute and law-abiding.