Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The fresh move by some Deposit Money Banks to re-circulate old N500 and N1,000 notes suffered a setback on Tuesday as motorists, fuel stations, retailers, traders, and other categories of bank customers rejected the old currencies. The development came a day after some commercial banks began the disbursements of the controversial N500 and N1,000 notes. 2. The scarcity of Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, in Abuja and other northern states could persist till after Saturday’s gubernatorial elections, oil marketers said on Tuesday. Petrol scarcity became severe on Monday in Abuja, Nasarawa, Niger and other states in the North, as thousands of motorists besieged the few filling stations that dispensed the commodity in those areas. 3. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, yesterday received the second female Senator-elect of the Federal Capital Territory, who won the seat under the banner of the party, Ireti Kingibe. Obi said he, alongside the Labour Party, the Obidient family, and his running mate, Datti Baba-Ahmed, felt gratified that the senator-elect would be representing the party in the FCT. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has said that information in the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System used for the February 25 presidential poll is intact. The electoral commission lead counsel, Tanimu Inuwa, gave the assurance on Tuesday at the Court of Appeal in Abuja, while opposing an application filed by the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, on BVAS deployed in the presidential poll. 5. Governors, who are members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) yesterday night met with the party’s national chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, ahead of this Saturday’s governorship and state Houses of Assembly elections. The closed-door meeting took place at the party’s national headquarters in Abuja. 6. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has removed the name of the embattled leader of the House of Representatives, Alhassan Ado Doguwa, from the list of election winners. The electoral body had declared him as the winner of the February 25 election in Doguwa/Tudunwada constituency. 7. Many people have been killed in several communities of Kwande Local Government Area of Benue State after suspected herders launched attacks on the areas. Witnesses said many people were still missing. 8. The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Imo State chapter, on Tuesday revealed that results of the presidential and National Assembly elections were allegedly manufactured in about eight local government areas of Imo state. The PDP disclosed this to newsmen in Owerri, in a statement issued through the state Publicity Secretary, Collins Opurozor. 9. The Appeal court will today rule on the application filed by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) seeking leave to reconfigure the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) for the governorship election. 10. The Lagos State Police Command has arraigned a landlord, Okechukwu Chukwunahi, over what it described as ‘trial by ordeal’ after his tenants reported that he took their names to a shrine following a misunderstanding at their residence in the state. Chukwunahi, 44, who is facing a two-count charge bordering on conspiracy and trial by ordeal, was arraigned before an Ojo Magistrate’s Court in the state.