A coalition of Civil Society Organizations in Ebonyi State and the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, in Abakaliki, has petitioned the inspector general of Police, IGP, Usman Alkali Baba, over alleged serial human rights abuses by the government in the state. The groups disclosed its move in a statement signed by the state chairman of HURIDE, CUPP and Ebonyi First Vanguard; Sampson Nweke, Chinedum Elekwachi and Monday Eze in Abakaliki. Chairmen of the groups said Ebonyi state has witnessed the highest cases of serial abuses of human rights, authoritarian dictatorship and downright disregard for human dignity allegedly perpetrated in most cases by the government in power. They, however, condemned in totality the alleged gruesome murder of HRH Ezeogo Christopher Igboke Ewa by unknown gunmen, the ongoing persecution of the APGA gubernatorial candidate Prof. Benard Odoh by suspected agents of government, harassment and intimidation of ex-SSA to Ebonyi governor Mark Onu who recently defected to PDP, in the state. The coalition also alleged that there is flagrant suppression of the rights of Ebonyi citizens especially those in opposition political parties and condemned the alleged
abduction of the youth leader of PDP in Nkomoro ward in Ezza North LGA, Nwokpoku by unknown gunmen on 7th March 2023. They also condemned the alleged attack on the gubernatorial candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, in Ebonyi State Mr. Chris Adol Awam by suspected thugs on his way to participate in a media program along Amike Aba community, Ebonyi LGA. The groups tasked the Commissioner of Police, Faleye Olaleye to investigate all the attacks and bring the perpetrators to book. In a related development, the group expressed worry on why the Commissioner of Police, Faleye Olaleye cannot obey a simple Court order restraining him from arresting, harassing or detaining the APGA Governorship candidate, Prof. Benard Odoh, despite evidence of service on them. The group also expressed huge shock at the mysterious withdrawal of all the police officers attached to the APGA guber candidate Odoh. “We ask, could that be a deliberate attempt to expose him (Odoh) to the risk of being killed by his attackers who have attempted to assassinate him about seven times?” They alleged. The coalitions also called on the Inspector General of Police to order the State’s Commissioner of Police to restore the Policemen attached to Prof. Odoh and ensure that the operatives act within the ambits of the law, so as not, to inflame the already tensed political atmosphere in the state.