The Yoruba World Congress (YWC) has enjoined indigenes of Lagos and other residents who are of Yoruba ethnicity not to allow strangers take over the state. The group made the call while addressing a press conference in Ibadan on Thursday. A spokesman for the group, Babatunde Tolase while addressing journalists explained that any attempt to displace the current governor of the state, Babajide Same-Olu is an attempt by those who he described as strangers to take over the commercial centre of Yoruba land. He added that any attempt to elect any other candidate apart from Sanwo-Olu is another plan by the strangers to penetrate and take over the entire Yoruba land. He explained that it has been discovered that the present agitation was calculated to invade and take over by crooked means, the Yoruba economic centre. He then urged indigenes and residents of the state who are from Yoruba-speaking areas in Oyo, Osun, Ogun, Ondo and Ekiti states to re-elect Sanwo-Olu. He added that the governor had been endorsed by all the Yoruba socio-cultural groups. Tolase enjoined his kinsmen to wake up from slumber and retain their pride as Omoluabi. He said, “This press briefing becomes imperative due to various calumny information making the rounds about the ownership of the commercial and economic capital of Nigeria, our great and dear Lagos State (Eko). “From history, which is verifiable, the settlers in Eko are Aworis, who originated from Ile-Ife, the origin and ancestral home of the Yorubas, Eko is a coastal area which serves as the port for where goods and services are exchanged from time immemorial. This was why the British colonialists found it easy to settle in Lagos and carry out economic activities therein. “As we count down to the rescheduled Governorship and House of Assembly elections on 18th March 2023, this briefing is a clarion call to all Yoruba Omoluabi that cuts across ten (10) states in Nigeria (Lagos, Oyo, Ogun, Osun, Ondo, Ekiti, Kwara, Kogi, Edo and Delta) that are residing in Lagos State to re-awaken their consciousness by exercising their franchise in favour of the integrity of Yorubaland. “As core Yorubas, we wish to state with emphasis that Governor Babajide Sanwolu is the preferred candidate endorsed by the Yoruba world congress and by extension, all Yoruba worldwide to hold the mantle of leadership of our dear Lagos state Gov. Babajide Sanwoolu is a thoroughbred Yoruba man and from our assessment of his last three years and some months in the administration of Lagos, we all can attest to his capacity and ability to succeed in Lagos to greater heights. “The unusual and annoying laying of claim to a particular candidate by a tribe, which Lagosians have over the years accommodated and allowed to thrive on their soil is a plan to take over Yorubaland forcefully. “We know that our magnanimity is being taken for granted. But we require and appeal to all Yorubas to stand tall in the defence of our fatherland. Let us all come out en masse for the sake of the unity of Yorubaland to vote for Babajide Sanwoolu to come back to complement his hard work. We all can testify to his good works and managerial skills”.