The Presidential Transition Council has commenced preparations ahead of the transfer of power by President Muhammadu Buhari to his successor. The President-elect is Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, whose victory is being challenged by Labour Party’s Peter Obi and Peoples Democratic Party’s Atiku Abubakar. On Friday, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Defence, Dr. Ibrahim Kana said the council would make governance comfortable for the incoming president. Kana gave the assurance at a joint briefing between the officials of the ministry and members of the Transition Technical Task Team, TTTT. The official confirmed the roadmap had already been drawn for the next leader for a quick start of his administration. “The council is to look at the nine priority areas of the current administration in drafting the template. Security is among the areas,” he disclosed. Kana added that his ministry has the responsibility of the mandate and has already set up a ministerial transition task team. The transition council was inaugurated by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha on February 14. The council is in charge of security of the President-elect and the Vice President-elect and will coordinate briefings on the security matters post- elections. It will organise facilities including fully furnished office and personnel for the President-elect and his/her transition team. The body will coordinate the briefings of the President-elect by relevant public officers, and facilitate communication between the outgoing President and the President-elect. The council is also in charge of organising the swearing-in ceremony, usually done at the Eagle Square in Nigeria’s capital, Abuja. Special Adviser to the President on Policy and Coordination, Dr. Habiba Lawal is Secretary of the Presidential Transition Council. In line with Executive Order No. 14 of 2023, the senior official, appointed in August 2022, will be known as Federal Transition Coordinator.