The Senator-elect for Oyo South senatorial district, Sharafadeen Abiodun Alli has mobilised compound heads in Ibadan for the All Progressives Congress (APC) gubernatorial candidate, Senator Teslim Kolawole Folarin. The meeting where Alli enjoined the compound heads to vote for Folarin took place on Friday in Ibadan. The compound heads were drawn from local government areas within the Ibadan metropolis. The compound heads included those from Ibadan North, Ibadan North West, Ibadan North East, Ibadan South West and Ibadan South East. Alli who is the Maye Olubadan of Ibadanland urged the compound heads to follow the direction of the political pendulum in Nigeria and in Oyo State by voting for Folarin and other APC candidates contesting the House of Assembly seats on 11th March. Alli noted that the only way to guarantee unfettered access to dividends of democracy at all levels of government is for the compound heads to vote APC candidates. Alli while speaking further, explained that Folarin would not abandon the compound heads when he gets to power. He said, “Thank you very much for all your contributions, in votes, in prayers, in calling my attention to things I need to attend to, on the day of my election. I told you that I belong to the APC and I have invited you here today to celebrate our victory and talk about Tessy. “Teslim is a good person, a trustworthy character and a man of his words. This vote is an Ibadan vote and Teslim is from Ibadan on both sides. Very recently you were in a meeting where your presence was not recognized and promises were made that were not kept, Teslim is not like that. He recognizes people and he appreciates those who contribute to his cause. “What is more, when the hospital has been constructed, the people who constructed it saw a school close by and not impressed by the state of the school, gave ninety-six classrooms to the school, also a generator, borehole, road, street lights, and many more benefits to the school. Indeed, we cannot begin to talk about the benefits that will come to Oyo State when we have Teslim as Governor”.