The national leadership of Accord has dissolved the Oyo State executive members of the party. The executive members of the party according to the leadership of the party have been dissolved with immediate effect. The party announced this on Wednesday evening. The dissolution of the state executive of the party is coming a few hours after the Chairman of the party, Mr. Kolade Ojo and some state executive members of the party announced their support for Governor Seyi Makinde of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Ojo and his colleagues had during a press conference in Ibadan announced that the state executive members of the party would support Makinde during the forthcoming gubernatorial election on Saturday. The national leadership of Accord in its reaction, said that it has dissolved the state executive members over anti-party. National Chairman of Accord, Muhammad Nalado made this disclosure in a letter sent to the National Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Professor Mahmood Yakubu. The party copied the Oyo Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Oyo State Commissioner of Police; Director, Department of State Security (DSS), in the state and Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC) In the state. Nalado added that a caretaker committee has been constituted in replacement of the dissolved executives. The caretaker committee would be headed by Alhaji Isiaka Salami, while Mr. Bashiru Ayobami would serve as Secretary. Other members of the caretaker committee are; Hon Fatai Salawu, Mrs Bimpe Martins and Hon Ayodele Oyajide. The party said, “We wish to bring to the knowledge of the Commission that the State Executives of our great party ‘ACCORD’ Oyo State Chapter has been dissolved with immediate effect due to Anti-Party Activities and Gross misconduct by the State Excos. This decision was taken during an emergency National Working Committee (NWC) meeting of our great party held on the 8 March, 2023 at the National Secretariat Abuja. “However, the following members of the party has been appointed as the Caretaker Committee to oversee the affairs of the party pending when the State Congress Elections would be held; “Alh. Isiaka Salami, Caretaker Chairman; Mr. Bashiru Ayobami. Secretary; Hon Fatai Salawu, Mrs Bimpe Martins, Hon Ayodele Oyajide as members. “We urge the Commission to kindly give this Caretaker Committee necessary attention/cooperation they may require.”