A faction of the Labour Party (LP) in Nasarawa State led by Rev. Angba Kuje, has declared support for the re-election bid of Gov. Abdullahi Sule on March 18. Angba, leader of the group and the party’s House of Representative candidate for Wamba/Akwanga/Nassarawa-Eggon constituency, made their position known during a press conference on Tuesday in Lafia. The group distanced itself from the recent endorsement of the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), David Ombugadu by LP governorship candidate, Joseph Ewuga. Kuje said the purported stepping down of the party’s governorship candidate was not a collective decision of members of the party. The group, therefore, endorsed the incumbent, Gov Sule of the APC, saying that he deserves the support of the party to be re-elected given his achievements so far. He noted that the state was more united than it was when Gov Sule came on board in 2019. Kuje reeled out the achievements of Gov Sule in the areas of road infrastructural development, security, economy and education among others and stressed the need for his reelection in order to consolidate on the records. “This is one governor that has abolished the notorious salary percentage payment in the state and is also paying adequate attention to the retired civil servants in the state by ensuring regular payments of pensions,” he said. Kuje said they decided to support the governor based on his capacity, character, experience, temperament and managerial exposure to good governance in the state. He, therefore, called on LP members and people of the state to come en masse and vote for the governor on Saturday. Some of the stakeholders at the press conference were Mr Dahiru Abubakar, secretary of the party in the state and chairmen of the party in the 13 local government areas of the state among others. Meanwhile, the State Chairman of the party, Mr Alexander Ombugu, dismissed the endorsement of Governor Sule by the group. Ombugu in a statement said that the party’s governorship candidate, Mr Joseph Ewuga, had withdrawn from the race and declared support for the candidate of the PDP, David Ombugadu. He maintained that Ewuga’s position was in sync with the party in the state adding that the endorsement of Gov Sule by the group was fake.