The national leadership of Accord has inaugurated a caretaker committee to steer the affairs of the political party in Oyo State ahead of the forthcoming governorship and state House of Assembly elections. The caretaker committee was inaugurated on Sunday in Ibadan, the state capital. The inauguration is coming a few days after the state executive council of the party was dissolved. DAILY POST recalls that the executive council was dissolved by the national leadership of the party following the suspension of the former state chairman of the party, Kolade Ojo alongside the secretary, a few hours after they declared their support for Governor Seyi Makinde of the Peoples Democratic Party. DAILY POST reports that a caretaker committee had been inaugurated by the national leadership of the party in replacement of the suspended executive members. The inauguration was conducted on Sunday in Ibadan by the National Legal Adviser of the party, Barrister Maxwell Ngbudem alongside the National Vice Chairman, South West, Alhaji Dokun Babarinde. The ceremony was attended by the gubernatorial candidate of the party, Chief Adebayo Adelabu. The caretaker committee, headed by Alhaji Isiaka Salami, has other members including Mr. Bashiru Ayobami, Hon Fatai Salawu, Mrs Bimpe Martins and Hon Ayodele Oyajide. The national legal adviser who inaugurated the committee charged them to work for the success of the party. He said: “I want to appreciate all of you and I want you to know that Accord is one. I am not here alone, I am standing before you on the authority of the National Working Committee of the party and the National Chairman, Alhaji Muhammad Nalado. “The action of the former chairman and secretary is condemnable. It cannot stand. We are solidly behind our candidates. “Oyo State is one of the pillars of Accord. We cannot allow anyone to pull down our pillars in Oyo State. We are going to inaugurate the committee that will work till we have a congress. They have the capacity to win the election. “We have a candidate who has capacity to win the election. Our target is to win the election. We say no to individuals who want to use Accord to trade. It is anti-party, what they did. We are going to sanction them according to the Constitution of Accord. We believe in Adelabu. He is our gubernatorial candidate in Oyo State.”