Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Independent National Electoral Commission has postponed governorship and State Assemblies elections earlier scheduled for Saturday to March 18. The commission took the decision at its management meeting in Abuja, which was convened on Wednesday night. 2. The Federal High Court in Lagos, on Wednesday, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission to directly and electronically upload from the polling units to the IReV the results of the forthcoming, governorship and state House of Assembly elections in Lagos State. 3. The Court of Appeal in Abuja yesterday approved the application by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to reconfigure the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) used for the February 25 presidential election. The development was to enable the commission to conduct the governorship and state Assembly elections. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) yesterday issued certificates of return to winners of the February 25 House of Representatives elections. INEC chairman, Mahmood Yakubu presented the certificates to the members-elect at the national collation centre, Abuja. 5. The national leadership of Accord Party has dissolved the party’s executive council in Oyo State for endorsing Governor Seyi Makinde of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for a second term in office. The letter dissolving the state executive council was signed by the party’s National Chairman, Muhammad Nalado. 6. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) yesterday declared that there was no winner in the February 25 National Assembly Election in Doguwa and Tudunwada Federal Constituency. Alhassan Doguwa, Majority Leader of the House of Representatives, who contested on the All Progressives Congress (APC) platform, was initially declared winner of the exercise. 7. Personnel of the 9 Brigade of the Nigerian Army, yesterday, recovered 1,671 Permanent Voters’ Cards, PVCs, in an apartment in the Olodi-Apapa area of Lagos State. Three persons were subsequently arrested in the apartment, while the prime suspect was said to be on the run. 8. Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State has approved the appointment of Justice Dije Abdu Aboki as the state Chief Judge, in an acting capacity. The Governor, in a statement through his Commissioner for Information and Internal Affairs, Muhammad Garba, said the appointment of Justice Aboki followed the retirement of the erstwhile Chief Judge, Justice Nura Sagir. 9. A six-month pregnant woman and five other persons have been allegedly killed by terrorists who invaded Agwa community, in the Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State. The terrorists, while shooting sporadically in the community, also abducted 50 persons to an unknown destination. 10. Gunmen, on Tuesday, set the country home of the Peoples Democratic Party candidate for the State House of Assembly, Ifeanyi Ozoemena, ablaze in the Okigwe Local Government Area of Imo State. It was gathered that the gunmen also burnt a house belonging to Ozoemena’s father during the attack around 2pm.