The performance of the Labour Party in the just concluded presidential and National Assembly elections, in which Bola Ahmed Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, emerged winner, has shocked many Nigerians. The Labour Party became popular in the country after a former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi joined the fold in May 2022. Obi, a former member of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, was one of the 15 presidential aspirants cleared by the main opposition party to vie for its presidential ticket but decamped from the party before the primary election. Before the election, Obi who is loved by many, especially the young Nigerians, had been underrated by other political parties, who claimed he cannot win any state in Nigeria. Some had even mocked his movement, the Obidients, saying it was social media noise and many of his supporters do not have their Permanent Voters Card, PVC. However, many Nigerians on Saturday trooped out en masse to vote for the candidate of their choice. After the result was collated, to the surprise of many, some Governors and prominent politicians in the country lost the election to candidates of the Labour Party. While Peter Obi garnered a total of 6, 093, 962 votes in 12 states, popular entertainer, Banky W was one of those affected by the new wave as he was defeated by a Labour Party Candidate, Mr Thaddeus Attah who some claimed neither campaigned or was known in the area. Attah won with 24,075 votes, defeating Banky W, who polled 18,666 votes and the incumbent APC candidate, Obanikoro who polled 16,901 votes. Banky W who had contested in 2019 under the the Modern Democratic Party (MDP), but lost to Babajide Obanikoro, had contested to represent Eti-Osa Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives. Speaking on the development, some Nigerians blamed Banky W for not decamping to the youth party because he had no faith in it. Here are some comments from Nigerians: @Solomon_Buchi, ”We love Banky W, but if we are going to be objective, his loss can be justified. I think that they all underrated the power of LP; they chose a popular party over the disruptive party, which Peter Obi fostered. Now see, Nigerians are tired of the twin evil: APC and PDP.” MarvisIkpeme, ”Banky W made a huge mistake. He should have joined LP. Probably didn’t believe in the youths even though he’s one of us! Sad loss! @Elkrosmediahub, ”Instead of fighting that cheat of a primary, Banky W should have just picked up the LP form and contested under the party. Voted for him. He even won my PU, but I knew it was not going to be enough. @UnlimitedEniola, ”People just voted party all through in many places instead of character or a candidate. It’s really sad to see Banky W of the PDP lose Eti Osa to Thaddeus Attah of the Labour party. Banky worked so hard and he’s the most qualified. @tosinadeda, ”You guys really let Banky W down. The one time y’all decided to vote and you let him down. Voting LP everywhere like a mob with no head. You don’t even know who you are voting for, smh. @Omojuwa, ”I saw a tweet suggesting Banky W didn’t do enough. Hindsight and its high horse. Banky W did virtually everything he needed to do. He got swept by something he couldn’t do much about. @Buchi_Laba, ”The Labour Party guy that’s currently beating Banky W and Ibrahim Obanikoro in Eti OSA did not even campaign !! People were asking what his name was after they voted for him !! – This is the real change Peter Obi brought. @UnlimitedEniola, ”People just voted party all through in many places instead of character or a candidate. It’s really sad to see Banky W of the PDP lose Eti Osa to Thaddeus Attah of the Labour party. Banky worked so hard and he’s the most qualified.” @Editimfon, ”Banky W would have made a fine legislator. This is sad. Can we stop this lazy attitude of voting one party top to bottom? That’s how Nwoye won a senate seat in Anambra too. We are not zombies. Research the different candidates. Vote for candidates. Not Parties. @AGINAS, ”Seriously Banky W deserves to win this election for the Eti-Osa Federal Constituency seat but the love Lagosians have for LP caused him to lose to Thaddeus Attah of Labour Party, a South East man for that matter.” @UnclePamilerin, ”Banky W already decamped to PDP before Peter Obi decamped to LP. They were both at PDP at the same time. Was he supposed to decamp again? If PDP had given Obi the ticket, wouldn’t he still be in PDP. Let’s put sentiments aside.”