If the Governorship elections of Saturday 11 march 2023 holds as planned, it will be a bitter sweet culmination of one of the fiercest political battles in the history of Benue state with the major gladiators of the PDP, APC and LP as top contenders. While the nation is licking her wounds following the BVAS tsunami that threw up Jagaban as president elect, it appears the APC in Benue has been emboldened in their fight to finish, obviously relying on a repeat of February 25. They have codenamed the election of March 11, “The Benue Healing Mass” owing to the antecedents of their Priest candidate, Hyacinth Alia whose rise to notoriety was on the premise of his acclaimed Healing masses characterized by mammoth crowds of both humans and water cans, the efficacy of which remains to be proven. The idea of a Healing mass has occasioned the interrogation of a major segment in a mass which is the Eucharist or Holy communion, a material symbol of the broken body of Christ and his shed blood, given for the remission of the sins of all mankind, a ritual Christ enjoined all faithfuls to observe until his second coming. The deployment of religious tokens, protocols and symbols in a political battle has necessitated some questions Benue people must answer so as to enable them to approach the Governorship elections with their senses rather than been blinded by religious sentiments and emotions that will do more political and socioeconomic damage than good. Recall that the President “elect” Bola Tinubu in answering a question on climate change issues and his propositions, resorted to the blasphemous adage of “a case of how to prevent a church rat from eating poisoned holy communion” a blasphemy he has since reinforced in his choice of a Muslim as vice presidential candidate in a nation of largely Christians and Muslims. Following the precedence of their national leader, I am convinced that the forthcoming “Healing Mass” of the Benue APC is one where a “poisoned political holy communion” will be served to the people of Benue. This is evident in the following factors ; 1. The preparation process of the communion celebrant. The communion celebrant called Hyacinth Alia was prepared in a rusty bowl of a massively flawed primaries which necessitated two cycles of rerun, with attending barrages of legal battles both within APC and against the party by other parties. That was unlike the rancor and litigation free primaries of the PDP that produced Titus Uba as candidate. If the integrity of the formula is sure to affect the end product, then the healing mass is a death trap to avoid as a flawed process cannot be trusted to produce an excellent leader. In the words of Peter Obi, ” You cannot be addressed as Excellency when the process that produced you was not excellent” 2. The integrity of the Officiating Priests Another component of the Healing Mass is the integrity of the officiating priests. By this I mean the handlers of Hyacinth Alia being APC and what they represent to Benue people. To marry a person is to accept his or her relations with their character baggage. With his open alliance with APC comes the free entrance of the criminal Fulani entities (there are good and peaceful ones) particularly the organizations that have openly attested to carrying out sustained genocidal attacks on Benue communities since 2014 with thousands killed and many more still displaced from their legal homesteads. This in itself is a poisoned holy communion waiting for more casualties. Alia may be a good man who means well for Benue but the overriding influence of the fulani interest will certainly return Benue back to the era of the winter dance of death as the only respite we have found in the Open Grazing prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law 2017 is likely to be weakened if not repealed. Their celebration response to Tinubu’s declaration has been series of attacks on Kwande and Gwer West Local Government areas, with scores dead and many displaced 3. The Homily of the Healing Mass Another vital component of a healing mass is the Homily or preaching which in this case is the manifesto or blueprint Hyacinth Alia is proposing for a New Benue. Recall that the public presentation of his Manifesto was greeted with widespread anger, criticism and legal issues following the plagiarism or copy and paste from the manifesto document of a PDP Governorship aspirant Mr Terver Akase. An act they are yet to apologize for or amend. It is clear that the handlers and strategy team of Alia have orchestrated his intellectual suicide, leaving him bankrupt of an original action plan should he ever be Governor. This too is poisoned Holy communion which Benue people must avoid. The PDP candidate came out clear on a Manifesto titled, “Our Soil Our Oil” which clearly outlines a road map to a prosperous Benue through revamped Agriculture and Security. Benue people must avoid on March 11 Conclusion Ours is a modern world where governance must rely on capacity, character, Competence and evidence based track records which in my opinion the PDP candidate Rt Hon Titus Tyoapine Uba possess more than the celebrant of the healing mass Fada Hyacinth Alia. Let’s do Benue good by riding on our PVC’s to a place of guaranteed community health. Say no to the Healing mass and the “poisoned holy communion.”