The All Progressives Congress (APC), North-west chapter has called for the resignation of the Attorney General of the Federal (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami and the Governor of Central Bank (CBN), Godwin Emefiele for misleading President Muhammadu Buhari over the naira swap policy. The APC National Vice Chairman, North-West, Dr. Salihu Lukman in a statement, issued on Friday, said the call for their resignation became imperative following the ruling of the Supreme Court that declared the federal government’s cashless policy as unconstitutional. He noted that it was also unfortunate that President Muhammadu Buhari could be misled into such acts of illegality and abuse of executive powers as pronounced by the Supreme Court. The APC chieftain said, given the injurious nature of the consequences of the cashless policy of the federal government as was implemented thus far and the damage of the Supreme Court ruling, Buhari, Emefiele and Malami must take personal responsibility for the act of illegality by the federal government. Lukman stressed that in advanced democracies, public offices who commit such acts of illegality voluntarily resign from their appointments. He added, “Therefore, if indeed, the cashless policy of the federal government was supposedly designed to conform with extant legal provisions of the Nigerian Federation, now that it turned out in the direct opposite, both the CBN Governor, Mr. Emefiele and the Attorney General of the Federation, Mr. Malami should accept the limitations of both their knowledge of the law and commitment to democracy by resigning from their respective offices forthwith.” The party chieftain, therefore, commended Governors Nasir El-Rufai (Kaduna), Yahaya Bello (Kogi) and Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State for their courage and initiative to challenge the action of the federal government in the Supreme Court. Lukman said it was a patriotic duty to challenge the policy of the government which unfortunately plunged Nigerians into hardship and unimaginable shock, notwithstanding partisan affiliations.