A socio-political group, the South West Forum for National Development, SFND, has called for the support of all senators-elect for the aspiration of former Abia State governor, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu to become the next Senate President of the 10th National Assembly. The group, in a statement jointly signed by its National President, Otunba Oladokun Charles Aridunu-Omo and National Secretary, Hon. Soji Ikotun in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital and made available to DAILY POST correspondent in Abuja on Tuesday, stated that Kalu is the most qualified among other contenders. It noted that Kalu, who is the incumbent Senate Chief Whip, apart from being a ranking senator and a principal officer in the Red Chamber, is the most fully prepared for the task ahead, adding that “it is in the public knowledge that Kalu has been a pan-Nigerian who has the interest of the South East and all Nigerians at heart.” “His (Kalu’s) emergence will silence agitations by the South Easterners of being marginalised by the APC. “Senator Orji (Kalu) is experienced when compared with other members from other geo-political zones and he has built bridges across the country. “We are confident that if elected, Orji’s position as Senate President would also go a long way to douse the pockets of misgivings over the emergence of the South West and the North East as the President-elect and Vice President-elect of the country. “Our conviction goes further that the patriotism and loyalty Senator Orji has displayed over the years to the All Progressives Congress, APC also placed him above any other contestants in this race. We are assuring our party leadership that Orji as the chairman of the National Assembly will bring peaceful relationships and understanding between the executive arm of government and the legislature,” the statement reads. Kalu’s mastery of the rules and proceedings of the Senate was also mentioned by the group, which stressed that his election as the next Senate President would ensure no zone in the country is left behind, adding that it “will also arrest insinuation that our President-elect is not a lover of all Christians in the country and that will balance the Muslim-Muslim-Muslim ticket crises in the party.” According to the group, “the best way to win the confidence of the Christians and the South Easterners is for the ruling APC to support the Senate Chief Whip to become the next Senate President so as to calm their nerves.”