The Centre for Anti-Corruption and Open Leadership, CACOL, has written to congratulate the President-Elect, Bola Ahmed Tinubu for winning the keenly contested Nigeria’s presidential election conducted last Saturday. In an open letter to Tinubu on Friday, CACOL, on behalf of its Chairman, Debo Adeniran, said the organization was not surprised that the former Lagos State governor won the 2023 presidential election, adding that history will not be forgotten. The letter read in full: ”Your emergence as the President-Elect marked another great milestone in the history of the country, and it also shows the huge level of confidence reposed in you by the people. ”We are particularly not surprised by your recent success at the polls because since your emergence as the flag bearer of your party, the All Progressive Congress (APC), we had no doubt that you would come out victorious in the Presidential election. ”History will not forget in a hurry the energy and vigour you devoted to political activism and democratic struggles and your labour of love, which was manifested in raising numerous others who are doing well in our political space today. ”With this victory, you have proved the ‘doubting Thomases’ who believed you would only record marginal success in the geopolitical zones where your political party held sway wrong. You have also proved to the world that your claim of not losing any election right from the time you dabbled into politics is not a fluke. ”We hope you will bring your years of experience and transformational leadership style to bear in governing the affairs of this great country. We also believe that your ability, capacity and strong managerial acumen will play a major role in transforming the various sectors of our country and awakening the sleeping giant in Nigeria by turning the country into a major economic and agricultural hub of Africa. ”As a true democrat, we hope you, with your team, will bring together all Nigerians irrespective of their tribal, political or religious affiliations so that Nigeria can continue on the path of unity, self-reliance, economic growth and development. Accept the assurance of our high regard and recognition. Congratulations.