Scores of traditional rulers in the Oke Ogun geo-political zone in Oyo State have pledged their support to Governor Seyi Makinde’s re-election. Some politicians, among whom are candidates of Accord from the zone, have also declared their support for the governor. The traditional rulers and the politicians made these discourses on Tuesday. DAILY POST reports that there are 10 local government areas in the Oke Ogun zone. They declared their support for the Peoples Democratic Party’s Makinde during a meeting held at the palace of the Okere of Saki, Oba Khalid Olabisi Oyeniyi Ayinla-Ado. Some of the politicians at the meeting included a House of Representatives member representing Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Kajola/Iwajowa Federal Constituency who is also the Accord senatorial candidate for Oyo North, Hon. Shina Abiola Peller; immediate past chairman of PDP in Oyo State, Alhaji Kunmi Mustapha; and Oyo North Senatorial Chairman for New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, Alhaji Tajudeen Oloyede.  Others are; chieftain of the African Democratic Congress, ADC, Honourable Kehinde Adetola; representatives from All Progressives Congress, APC, Ogunyinka Solomon; Sarafadeen Olaide from Labour Party, LP; Accord House of Representatives candidate for Saki West/Saki East/Atisbo Federal Constituency, Honourable Robert Atitlola. The traditional rulers and the politicians in the communique noted that they had x-rayed the plans of different candidates for the zone and decided to support Makinde for a second term. They said, “The meeting was held at the Palace of the Okere of Saki Land and had in attendance critical stakeholders across all political parties within the 10 local government areas of Oke Ogun. It also had in attendance all Oke Ogun Royal Fathers. “The purpose behind the meeting was to x-ray the three major political parties in the state with the view to determine where Oke Ogun will have their interest defended and their political benefits derived. “Against this background, the meeting therefore unanimously agreed and adopts His Excellency, Engr. Oluseyi Makinde as their governorship candidate in Oyo State for the forthcoming election holding on March 11, 2023”.