The Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun, has commissioned the Ogun State Fire and Safety Service Station in Isheri, Ifo Local Government Area of the state. The commissioning of the fire station.on Thursday by the governor was the fourth of its kind in the state. Speaking during the event, which was in continuation of his campaign tour of Ifo Local Government Area of the state, Governor Abiodun noted that the commissioning was in fulfillment of his promise in 2019 to build fire and safety service stations across the state. He added that his administration, aside from building new fire stations, has also ensured the rehabilitation of old fire stations. Abiodun while noting that the new fire station would be equipped with a fire engine, an ambulance and staff, added that his administration would continue to support the development of fire and safety service stations across the state. The governor who also noted that governance is about making promises and also fulfilling them, disclosed that Ifo Local Government is an important local government to his administration. “Ifo 2 State Constituency is very important to us because of the peculiarity of Ifo local government as a border local government to the state of Lagos, ” This fire station is one out of four other fire stations that this administration has constructed, we have also ensured that we have rehabilitated many others. This is the first time this is happening in 19 years. “Again, this is what governance is all about, making promises and fulfilling those promises,” he said. In her remarks, the Commissioner for Special Duties and Inter-governmental Affairs, Mrs. Femi Ilori Oduntan, while appreciating the governor for continuously discharging his duties to the people of the state. She also thanked him for building a remarkable future for the people of the state. Lauding the governor for embarking on the recruitment of over 150 fire officers into the state fire service, she commended him for constructing new fire stations in Isheri, Mowe, Ifo and Agbara. Speaking, an elder statesman, Chief Joju Fadairo, while thanking Governor Abiodun for fulfilling his promise to provide four new fire stations in the state, acknowledged him for also embarking on the infrastructural development of the state.