The dead silence marked by deep emotional numbness in the streets of the Federal Capital Territory and all the thirty-six states of the six geopolitical zones of our great country following the announcement albeit fraudulently of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as president-elect is a confirmation of the violation of the will of the Nigerian people. Suffice it to say that the nation mourns. Contrary to the character of democracy, electoral umpire, the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC), contravened its own guidelines blighting the many assurances of conducting a free, fair, credible and all-inclusive poll on Saturday, 25th February 2023, as provided in the Electoral Act of 2022 (as amended), and worse, in the full glare of the world. The INEC chairman, Prof. Mahmoud Yakubu, ignoring all entreaty by party agents at the collation center to revert to the electronic collation, and his various vows in interviews with national and international media and during a presentation at the Chatham House, began and concluded the collation process manually. The APC-led federal government watched on as he prosecuted an illegal process of results declaration till announcement of a winner based on falsehood. This is a fraud and must not be allowed to subsist because of its dent on our national conscience, the character of democracy, and trust by millions of Nigerians some of whom are first time voters. There is no gain saying the fact that an election must produce a winner even in the case of a tie or rerun. But the process must be such that produces a winner in a way that answers positively the question of credibility and collective acceptability. At this point in our national life, an election of this sort should be the last legacy that President Muhammadu Buhari bequeaths Nigeria. We have come a long way from the annulled June 12 election to know what gives in an election of the sort where Nigerians from all walks of life actively participated in the process. And for most, especially the young people of Nigeria, this election was about expressing their dream of a better country, a New Nigeria as we call it. To cause this hope to dissipate by forcing an illegal victory on the people is to take our nation many years backwards. But we will not be so swayed. For over fifty years the rotten old political order has fiddled with our right to choose our leaders, to the point of preempting our response in most instances, infiltrating our ranks and destroying from within whatever courage we muster. They are back at it again. Only this time, they have failed as Nigerians are wide awake and better informed. There is no doubt that we, the Obidient Movement, holds a principal stake in the current people-led nationalistic movement in Nigeria. We have been on the street, new and traditional media, homes, markets, and various local communities preaching the message of a New Nigeria. I greet us all and say unequivocally that there is no need for grief and gloom because in reality – in the true, credible and verifiable records of this election, tossed from public eye and knowledge by the INEC chairman, Prof Mahmoud Yakubu and marauding violence by thugs, and INEC officials who prosecuted what is by far the most grandiose electoral fraud in the history of our country, we won the presidential election. We must take pride in the fact that through our movement, the election of Saturday, 25th February, 2023, witnessed the surprise sacking of long serving members of the national assembly including senators and reps members, dashing of senatorial hopes of incumbent governors, and the end of political dynasties in many states across the federation. How more can we describe this movement as one led by the people when most of these victories were won by hitherto unknown individuals most of whom have no means of material inducement and voter suppression. And to think that all of this happened amidst widespread violence in most places attests to the realization that indeed our movement has propelled the journey to a New Nigeria on a grand scale. While we await the decision of politicians concerning the stolen mandate, there is need to note some important points on the way forward: 1. Our struggle for a New Nigeria is not in vain. 2. The Obidient Movement is not housed in any political party and therefore not limited by party affiliation, 3. There is need to consolidate on our recent successes through the establishment of a new political order rooted in the principle of equity, justice, fairness and a united progressive Nigeria by joining and participating actively in partisan politics beginning with the Labour Party set to hold its national convention soon. 4. We must sink in institutionally building ideological bridges by infiltrating and overwhelming the system from politics to the civil service, the academia, the military, the police, the religious institution et al. 5. We must resist every attempt by the rotten old political order to divide us along ethnic, religious and ideological lines. 6. We must be resolute and consistent in our conviction that a New Nigeria is not a pipe dream but a reality of our lifetime. 7. We must maintain the high road of non-violence in the pursuit of our demand for better conditions for all Nigerians. The feeling of disappointment and angst precipitated by the flamboyance of Saturday’s robbery of our collective will while understandable, must further fuel our desire for a New Nigeria. As earlier stated, we must look on the brighter side. The fall of an old political order hardly goes without a fight. We will become as miserable losers if we give up now. This is not the time to give in to anger. This is the time to focus critically assessing our options on what truly matters as our struggle is beyond one election but for the soul of Nigeria. The governorship and state legislative elections scheduled for 11th March, 2023, provide another opportunity to further express our demand for a Nigeria that works for the benefit of all. Given that our movement is local, we must rise to the occasion and consolidate our gains in the national assembly election by voting massively for candidates of the Labour Party in our respective states. This is not the time to chicken out. This is our country and we must defend it with every fiber of our will. This election is a confirmatory test of our resolve. We must sustain the zeal to free our states from the pollution of bad governance beginning with Lagos State where Architect Gbadebo Rhodes Vivour, is the gubernatorial candidate of the Labour Party, and all the candidates for the Lagos State House of Assembly on the Labour Party ticket. This must be replicated on a national scale to make our statement total and complete. There is hardly any meaningful impact for our struggle if it is not heard from seats on decision tables nationally and locally. Dr Moses Paul (MadMo) is an environmentalist based in Abuja