A former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Timi Frank, has called on the National Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu to as a matter of urgency resign his appointment. Frank, in a statement issued Monday, also called on President Muhammadu Buhari to do the needful by relieving him of his position if he fails to resign for conducting the worst-ever rigged election in the history of Nigeria. He said the call became imperative because Nigerians have lost total confidence in him. Frank noted: “We are supposed to be the light and example in Africa but with the dismal conduct of INEC and its officials during the last Presidential and National Assembly elections, other countries in the continent absolutely have nothing to learn from us because of what Yakubu and INEC have done.” He, therefore, called on Buhari to be courageous enough to sack Yakubu for bringing shame and opprobrium to the country by declaring highly compromised and heavily doctored results as an outcome for the just concluded Presidential and National Assembly elections. Frank said that the election conducted by Yakubu has failed to meet international threshold of transparency and credibility and all friends of Nigeria must out of necessity denounce it. He insisted that despite the avalanche of facts of rigging and manipulation that characterised the Presidential and National Assembly elections available in huge volume of videos, audios and documentary evidence, Yakubu went ahead to declare the APC’s Presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as winner. Frank added: “Nigerians have lost confidence in Yakubu. His words and his promises mean nothing. He has started again by promising free and fair governorship and State Assembly elections but Nigerians are no fools because they know he will do exact the opposite. “Prof. Yakubu has shown himself to be a practical disgrace to Nigeria and has brought shame, disgrace and embarrassment to Nigerians in the global community. Today, Nigeria is now a laughing stock among members of the international community.”