The Alumni of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT, have confirmed Gbadebo Rohdes-Vivour is an alumnus, clearing doubts by his opponents. There are speculations over the veracity of Rhodes-Vivour’s insistence that he attended the school, forcing him to post a video proof on Twitter. On Thursday, DAILY POST received an e-mail from the MIT Alumni Association after an enquiry that copied the admissions office. “Mr. Rhodes-Vivour attended MIT from September 2005 to February 2008 and was awarded the degree of Master of Architecture on June 06, 2008,” said Nicole Balkissoon, Finance and Operations Coordinator. The 40-year-old architect popularly known as GRV is running for Governor of Lagos State under the Labour Party, LP. Rhodes-Vivour is hopeful he can unseat incumbent Babajide Sanwo-Olu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, on March 18. Abdulazeez Adeniran of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP is the third major contender. Though Adeniran, a.k.a. Jandor, and the PDP have ruled out the possibility of an alliance with the LP, GRV is gaining more followers after the victory of presidential candidate Peter Obi in Lagos. Obi, a former Anambra governor defeated the President-elect Bola Tinubu in his home state. DAILY POST gathered that four sets of electorates are rooting for the LP to take over the reins of power in Nigeria’s commercial nerve centre. They are Obi’s inter-ethnic followers, Lagos indigenes tired of Tinubu/APC dominance, some Yorubas from other South-West states who want Tinubu/APC out and a chunk of Igbo traders/South-East people. On Wednesday at a media briefing organised by Afenifere and the Committee of indigenous Lagosians, Gbadebo’s father denounced the claims of his son being an Igbo. Olawale Rhodes-Vivour also distanced the candidate from the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, a secessionist organisation. “Gbadebo has no time for IPOB. This boy is highly educated and highly driven. We can track his record every day in Lagos. “Gbadebo is an activist, who reacts to anything negative within the law to ensure he is able to change the status quo. He doesn’t stop while pushing, he ensures he achieves his aim before resting,” his father said.