The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State has described the reaction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to the establishment of the University of Ilesa as one lacking the requisite understanding. The party also described the unnecessary criticism of the State Governor, Ademola Adeleke by the APC as an indication of ignorance. The PDP in a statement by its caretaker chairman, Akindele Adekunle on Sunday affirmed that the party had a record of establishing an enduring institution like the University of Osun (UniOsun). Adekunle also added that Adeleke’s interest in the university is to make the institution sustainable and stand the test of time like UniOsun. He also accused the Oyetola administration of being deceitful as the initial idea of the university was that of Ademola Adeleke which was part of his campaign promise in 2018. “The reason for this is not far-fetched as it is well known to the public that Governor Adeleke was the first to promise Ijesha people a University during his 2018 governorship election campaign at the Palace of Owa of Obokun. At that time, the APC, including Oyetola laughed it off, and thought of it as impossible, until it was a few weeks to the 2022 governorship election when Oyetola hurriedly came up with the idea just to drive voters, and not because he was sincere about.” The PDP also said Oyetola was not sincere in the establishment of the University of Ilesa, explaining that a lot of key issues were left unattended by the past administration. “The law establishing the University was hoarded and kept away from the public just as nothing concrete was done about the workers in the College of Education that was upgraded. Also, the funding and sustainability plan of the University was treated shabbily,” Dr. Adekunle pointed out. Adeleke who had on Friday during a visit to the institution assured that the University of Ilesa had come to stay added that he was only making efforts to ensure that the institution had a proper and sustainable takeoff. The governor had in November 2022 set up a technical committee headed by a renowned academic to review the establishment of the university and come up with plans for a resolution for the effective take-off of the University. The governor also stated that the Committee had submitted its report and a White Paper on it will be issued soon. The APC had in a statement by its acting chairman, Tajudeen Lawal on Saturday alleged that the Adeleke administration did not undertake due diligence on the University of Ilesa before it suspended its take-off. It also accused Governor Adeleke of being inconsistent regarding the take-off of the recently established University. According to the statement, “The haphazard manner with which Adeleke reversed his earlier policies on the take-off of the Ilesa University (IU) and the Ilesa Water Project is an indication that he is not sincere as he is out to swindle the populace and obtain their votes under false pretence in the Saturday’s election across the state. “All the indigenes of Osun State, wherever they may be, must not cease to offer prayer to God Almighty to deliver us from the ‘kick-and-push’ governor whose trademark is a constant policy somersault.”