The Oyo State chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) has raised the alarm over alleged plans by the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to unleash violence in some parts of the state. APC made this disclosure on Tuesday. DAILY POST reports that the gubernatorial election has been fixed to hold in all the 33 local government areas in the state this Saturday. The APC has however alleged that the ruling PDP is planning to engage some hoodlums. The party noted that the ruling PDP is planning to engage the hoodlums in a bid to cause crisis in the state. The party made these disclosures in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Olawale Sadare. Sadare alleged that the PDP has concluded plans to sponsor some notorious hoodlums to unleash terror on the electorate during the election. Sadare in the statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Tuesday, urged voters to disregard the threat of violence allegedly coming from the PDP. He added that hoodlums have been terrorising the people of Egbeda, Lagelu, Ibadan North East, Ibadan North, Ona-Ara and Oluyole local government areas in the last few days. He said that the PDP is planning to use five-man controlled gang leaders to unleash terror in some parts of the state. He alleged further that some of the gang leaders contacted to unleash terror on innocent citizens included some gang leaders known as Kamo, Oloyo, ‘Saudi’, Rotimi Fiyin and Apase. Sadare while speaking further, then advised the voters to ensure that they come out to exercise their voting rights without any fear of attacks or molestation. “As a matter of fact, we have a documented evidence of a secret meeting held at a private facility in Ibadan few days ago where two political appointees currently serving under Gov. Makinde and a leader of the PDP in Ibadan North West local government council handed a script to five ring leaders of a violent gang based in Nalende-Oniyanrin area of Ibadan metropolis. “Among those contracted to unleash terror on voters in that axis on Saturday are; Kamo (surname withheld), Oloyo and ‘Saudi’. In Ibadan South East, one Rotimi (a chieftain of the Park Management System) is to coordinate the violent gang which has Fiyin and Apase as members”.