The gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Ebonyi State, Benard Odoh on Monday, said he obtained an order from a High Court in Owerri in suit No: HOW/194/2023 dated March 3, 2023, to restrain the Nigeria Police and other security agencies in the state from harassing or arresting him. Recall that the governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi had said he will ensure that those fingered in connection with the murder of HRH. Ezeogo Igboke Ewa of Umuezeokaoha in Ezza North LGA, will be arrested and prosecuted. Odoh and five others were declared ‘wanted’ by the Nigeria Police, Ebonyi State command. The gubernatorial candidate in a statement signed and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki by his campaign director, media and publicity, Charles Otu, said it is baseless, spurious and unwarranted for the Nigeria police to declare him, wanted for a matter that is before a court of law. He said the Nigerian law still presumes an accused person innocent until proven guilty by a court of competent jurisdiction. Odoh further stated that he knows nothing about the assassination of the traditional Ruler, HRH. Ezeogo Igboke Ewa of Umuezeokaoha in Ezza North LGA. He noted that the Inspector General of Police, IGP and other security agencies have been served with the court order, stressing that the IGP, upon being served the said order, stopped all actions in the matter in respect to the court. The APGA guber candidate expressed great worries on why the commissioner of police Ebonyi State command, who is under the IGP should continue to take further action in the matter contrary to the order of court. He said that the allegations are politically-motivated and intended to undermine his chances of winning Saturday’s governorship election in Ebonyi State. Odoh vowed never to be on the run for any reason whatsoever, and noted his preparedness to pursue and seek the resolution of what he tagged as false and misleading allegations brought against him through legal and peaceful means.