More Christian groups have continued to disassociate themselves from the Taraba State chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) over the body’s alleged endorsement of the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Kefas Agbu. The latest of such disassociation which came on Friday was from clerics spread across the entire local government councils of the state. Briefing journalists in Jalingo, the clerics, who claimed not to be part of the CAN endorsement, told the Christian community and Tarabans at large not to allow any person or group to deceive or distract them with religion. Flanked by other clerics, the pastor of the Assembly of God Church, Rev John Chioke, said: “We are here to disassociate ourselves from the recent pronouncement made by our mother body.” Urging the people of the state not to allow themselves to be deceived or distracted by CAN’s pronouncement, he said: “We are not part and will never be a party to CAN’s recent purported endorsement of a particular Christian candidate.” Reeling out the lists of Christian guber candidates jostling for the number one position of the state in the forthcoming election, they expressed sadness that CAN has decided to take sides with a particular candidate. The clerics who said “we are representing over 400 pastors across the state” admonished the leadership of CAN to as a matter of urgency desist from meddling in politics, stating that “we are not part of the endorsement that was made by CAN.” Rather than endorse a particular candidate for their personal gain, CAN, they suggested, should allow the people to elect the candidate of their choice, adding that “we are looking for the right man that is going to bring us out of the mess we are in Taraba.” Citing a verse from the scripture that “whenever the righteous rule, the people rejoice” they underscored the imperative for people to come out en masse and vote for a candidate that will not take the state backwards in the forthcoming political dispensation. Other clerics who barred their minds at the briefing vowed to go back to their respective denominations and enlighten their congregations on the need to vote for a candidate that will wipe away their tears. DAILY POST reports that since CAN’s pronouncement, several Christian bodies have been venting their anger at the association.