Former Governor of Anambra State, Chukwuemeka Ezeife, has said the president-elect, Bola Tinubu will not be sworn in as Nigeria’s President. Ezeife said this while accusing the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, of manipulating the electoral process and rigging the Presidential and National Assembly elections in favour of the All Progressives Congress, APC and its candidate Bola Ahmed Tinubu. The former Anambra helmsman said it was obvious that Peter Obi of the Labour Party, LP, won the presidential election across the country. Chairman of INEC, Mahmood Yakubu, in the early hours of Wednesday, declared the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Tinubu, winner of the polls. Yakubu said Tinubu polled a total of 8,794,726 to defeat his closest rivals and candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi of the Labour Party, LP who scored 6,984, 520 and 6,101,533 respectively. But Ezeife told Arise TV Morning Show that the presidential election revealed so many things to Nigerians. He said, ”I thank all the foreign bodies who commented and condemned the integrity of the election and thank all Nigerians for the way they treated the Labour Party. “In fact I’m happy with the result the Labour Party got from the election not the ones announced by the INEC. Of course, we know that one is fake. But what we saw was the Labour Party winning Lagos and across the country. “Some people who do not believe in the oneness of the country are now thinking otherwise. And the future of Nigeria is now brighter. I do not believe that Tinubu, my friend, would be sworn in as President. “If that is done it’d be a disaster but I think this thing has opened the eyes of Nigerians. We thank the Yorubas, we thank the Hausas and every group in Nigeria for this openness. Don’t mind the manipulation that made Peter Obi third. “Everybody knows it is impossible, especially with the controversies surrounding the Muslim-Muslim ticket. One must distinguish between the election as conducted and the election as reported. Tinubu will not be President of Nigeria. I don’t see him being sworn in.”