Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Court of Appeal in Abuja has granted permission to the presidential candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar and the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, to inspect materials used for the February 25 presidential election. 2. The Supreme Court has ordered the circulation of the old naira notes alongside new ones until December 31. The apex court observed that no reasonable notice was given before the implementation of the policy as provided under the CBN Act. 3. The North West zone of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has asked the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele and the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami to resign for “misleading” President Muhammadu Buhari on the naira redesign and swap policy. 4. Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, has branded the naira redesign policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, as a policy of confiscation, saying President Muhammadu Buhari was deceived. Bello spoke during an interview on Channels Television’s, Politics Today, on Friday. 5. The Transition Monitoring Group (TMG) has urged Nigerians to come out en masse for the forthcoming Governorship and State Assembly elections irrespective of how they feel about the outcome of the just concluded Presidential and National Assembly elections. 6. Twenty-three people have allegedly been kidnapped while one was killed by bandits at the Dogon-Daji community along the Abuja-Kaduna road near Kagarko in Kaduna State. An eyewitness said the bandits raided the community on Wednesday with sophisticated weapons. 7. Seven States of the federation that approached the Supreme Court to nullify the election victory of the President-elect, Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, have withdrawn their suit. The states- Adamawa State, Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Delta, Edo, Taraba and Sokoto- through their team of lawyers led by Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, on Friday, filed a notice of discontinuance of the case. 8. The National Council of Traditional Rulers of Nigeria has urged the President-elect, Bola Tinubu, to deliver his campaign promises. Yahaya Abubakar, the Etsu Nupe and Chairman Coordinating Committee of the council, made the call in a congratulatory message to the president-elect on Friday in Abuja. 9. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has said it is not satisfied with the medical attention given to its leader at the Department of State Services (DSS) medical clinic. A statement by the spokesperson of the group, Emma Powerful urged the DSS to release Kanu to his physician to attend to his ill health. 10. No fewer than 12 persons have been confirmed dead following an early morning explosion at a crude oil tapping point in Rumuekpe, in the Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of Rivers State. The incident occurred around 2am on Friday when one of the buses loaded with crude oil went up in flames while trying to navigate to an illegal refining point in the area.