The candidate of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) for Abia central senatorial district in Abia state, Dr John Abraham Godson, has resigned his membership of the party. Godson announced his resignation in a letter addressed to the chairman of ADC in Ogbodiukwu-Ezeleke ward in Umuahia south local government area of Abia State. It was dated 28th February 2023, and copied to the Umuahia south local government area ADC chairman, the interim state chairman and the national chairman of the party respectively. According to a copy of the letter made available to newsmen on Wednesday in Umuahia, Abia State, no reason was stated by the ADC Senatorial candidate for his recent decision to dump the party barely days after he emerged in the fourth position in the concluded election. Godson partly stated: “I do hereby inform you of my resignation from the African Democratic Congress (ADC) with immediate effect. Thank you very much”. Meanwhile, Godson has congratulated the winner and Labour Party candidate, Darlington Nwokocha on his emergence as the senator-elect for Abia central senatorial zone. He urged Nwokocha to bring all he has in serving the people of Abia central zone and the state at large. According to him in words, “the general elections are over. As in every election, sometimes you win or lose. “From all indications, the candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Darlington Nwokocha has won this election and is to be sworn in as the new senator of Abia Central Senatorial district. “Congratulations the senator-elect. It is my prayer that you will give your all in serving the good people of Abia state in general, and Abia central in particular”. While also hinting on his decision to contest the concluded 2023 national assembly election for Abia Central Senatorial district seat which according to him, is predicated on bringing positive transformational change to the area, Godson however reiterated he shall continue to contribute his quota in nation-building. His words: “Over the past couple of months – I have traversed the length and breadth of our senatorial district trying to convince voters to trust me with the mandate to represent them. “But it was not about me nor about my ambitions. It was about service to my people. It was about bringing positive transformational change to our region. “Majority of voters have however voted who they want to serve them and I accept their verdict with humility and gratitude to God. “I shall be available to continue supporting the government with my wealth of experience and network of international relationships”.