Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Indications have emerged that some state governments are planning to initiate contempt proceedings against the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN, and Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele, over their refusal to implement the Supreme Court judgment on the naira redesign policy of the Federal Government. 2. The National Vice Chairman (North-West) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Salihu Mohammed Lukman, has asked the party’s national chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, to resign to pave the way for a Christian from the North-Central to take over. In a statement on Friday, Lukman argued that it is not proper for the President-elect, Bola Tinubu, and the Vice President-elect, Kashim Shettima, and Adamu to be Muslims while Christians have no stake. 3. A 13-year-old boy, Ope Babalola, has allegedly shot dead a three-year-old girl, Esther Samuel, in Ogun state. The teenage boy reportedly shot dead the minor with a dane gun belonging to one Semiu Adegesin. The incident happened in Kukudi village in Imasayi, Yewa North Local government area of the state. 4. The National Population Commission (NPC) has said that the postponement of the 2023 gubernatorial and state House of Assembly elections will affect the conduct of the 2023 Housing and Population Census. Sources from the commission said the exercise would now be held between May 3 to 7. 5. The Governorship Candidate of the Labour Party (LP) in Lagos State, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour has said that if elected in the March 18 election, his administration will improve capacity and localise solutions to the problems facing the state. He gave the assurance while speaking at the Youth O’clock breakfast meeting organised by the ‘Obidient Movement’ in Ikeja GRA Lagos. 6. At least 35 people, who went on a fishing expedition, have been shot dead by Boko Haram fighters in Ngala Local Government Area of Borno State. Residents and families of the deceased said they were devastated by the attack and called for more security in the area to save them from attacks by terrorists. 7. A Federal High Court in Abuja has held that it is only the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) that is empowered by law to determine the mode of collating and transmitting election results. Justice Emeka Nwite, in a judgment, also held that it is only INEC that has the prerogative to direct how the Polling Unit Presiding Officer should transfer election results, including the total number of accredited voters and results of the ballot. 8. The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed the nomination of Senator Rufa’i Hanga as the candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) in the February 25 National Assembly election. A five-member panel of the apex court, led by Justice Inyang Okoro, in a unanimous judgment on Friday, faulted the refusal by the electoral body to replace Senator Ibrahim Shekarau with Hanga after Shekarau left the party for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) before the election. 9. Chairman, Independent National Electoral Commission INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has advised officials of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to desist from maligning his character in the media or risk being sued for libel. Chief Press Secretary to the INEC Chairman, Mr Rotimi Oyekanmi said this while reacting to calls by the PDP on Prof. Yakubu to step down for his handling of the Presidential and National Assembly Elections. 10. The Governor of Rivers State, Chief Nyesom Wike, yesterday explained that the Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, left the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the LP, because of moves by some politicians in the PDP to ensure power remained in the north. Wike, who said he feels satisfied that power has moved to the south, insisted that he never worked against Obi in the 25th February, 2023, presidential election.