The House Committee Chairman on Internal Security, Danjuma Usman Shiddi has disassociated himself from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) result sheet purported to have been issued in his name. The result sheet purported to have been issued to him by the Commission’s returning officer of the Southern Taraba senatorial district has been igniting dust in the state. Distancing himself from the act on Friday via a statement he personally made available to journalists in Jalingo, Shiddi said he knows nothing about the purported result sheet that has been trending in Social media platforms across the state. He said, “I wish to unequivocally distance myself from the said document making the rounds on social media and state clearly that none was issued to me or anyone else to the best of my knowledge as at the time of issuing this statement.” Though the All Progressive Congress (APC), was observed to have won the senatorial seat of Taraba state, As of the time of filing this report, the APC which allegedly won the election has not yet decided who among the two contenders in the party would hold the position, given the ongoing litigation in the Apex court. Wondering why he is being linked with the result sheet in question, Shiddi noted that “It is common knowledge that the matter is still pending (sub judice) before the Supreme Court of Nigeria and I advise everyone to respect the sanctity of the Court.” “The old tricks, antics and gimmicks of those who concocted and circulated the said document in an attempt to mislead my teeming supporters, discredit our party, the All Progressives Congress, drag my name to odium and portray me as one contemptuous of the courts, is well known to me and we would not fall for it”. He said, “we ostensibly see through their plans and schemes and wish they are properly guided that such hatchet jobs are dead on arrival. Our faith in God Almighty and respect for the rule of law remains firm and unwavering.” “Leadership ought to flow from a demonstrable commitment to the public good in the spirit of service, empathy and sacrifice, he said, asking his supporters to keep faith alive and remain focused. “I am resilient and resolute in pursuing this matter within the precinct of the law.” The member who was of the view that the courts would decide based on the facts, law and evidence before it, said it is no doubt optimistic that, “the apex court will make its decision on my candidature known.” DAILY POST reliably gathered that as of Saturday when the senatorial election took place, INEC had not uploaded the name of any candidate of the APC for Taraba south on its portal.