Afenifere leader, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, has claimed that there is no President-elect in Nigeria, insisting that the decision by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to declare the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu winner of the 2023 presidential election, will not stand. Pa Adebanjo is one of the elder statesmen who publicly declared support for the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi, on the ground that the people of the South East should be allowed to have a shot at the presidency for equity and justice to reign supreme. The INEC declared Bola Tinubu winner of the February 25th, 2023 presidential election amidst an alleged wide range of irregularities across the country majorly due to the inability of the electoral umpire to keep its promise of deploying technology in the election. While the BVAS failed in many states, some Governors were said to have hijacked the election and suppressed the will of the people, especially in Rivers State and Lagos State, Appearing on Arise Television on Friday, Adebanjo said INEC’s decision on Saturday’s polls, as regarding the presidential election result, will not stand. “I listened to the Chairman of INEC when Dino Melaye told him to suspend, not cancel the collation, citing a lot of irregularities so that he can correct them. He said ‘no I promise, if you let me complete this exercise, I’ll review it. “As for the Chairman, those of us who know him know that he has not been the man that he should be. He’s a great disappointment. This is not the first time he would be disappointing Lagos people. In 2019, he deceived us and now he’s done it again thinking that Nigerian people are fools. “And I said it before in this election nobody can Babangida us. It was a daylight robbery. The whole country supported you to amend the electoral law to ensure it is is transmitted by electoral law and at the time of the election you came back to fight us. What a shame. I’m only sorry for the country. “I’m only sorry for the youths. But I warned you before, this government is a disaster… It’s a disaster that God will help us get rid of. There’s no President-Elect at all. It’s just a sham that will be removed in due course. We’re all living witnesses to it. Why won’t we follow the law provided for the election?”