The Oyo state chapter of Accord has split into three factions. DAILY POST reports that confusion is currently running in the minds of hundreds of members of Accord in the state over endorsement of gubernatorial candidates different from the party by some candidates and leaders of the party. The gubernatorial candidate of Accord in the 11th March 2023 election in the state is Chief Adebayo Adelabu. Some members of the party have decided to vote Adelabu while some have abandoned him. Investigation by DAILY POST revealed that some candidates and state executive members of the party have endorsed candidates different from the gubernatorial candidate of the party. Our correspondent gathered that some candidates of the party who lost during the last national assembly election have endorsed the PDP candidate, governor Seyi Makinde. Some of the candidates of the party and leaders have also endorsed the gubernatorial candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Teslim Folarin. Some of the Accord candidates who have endorsed Makinde included the Oyo North Senatorial candidate of Accord, Hon. Shina Abiola Peller, House of Representatives candidate for Saki West/Saki East/Atisbo federal constituency in Accord, Honourable Robert Atitlola. Our correspondent also reports that the state executive members of the party have also abandoned the candidate of the party, Adebayo Adelabu. State Chairman of Accord, Prince Kolade Ojo, who spoke on Wednesday, announced that the state executive members of the party have endorsed Makinde. Ojo, who was flanked by the State Secretary of Accord, Hon Olayinka Dairo, addressed the journalists on behalf of other executive members of the party. Ojo while addressing the journalists during a press conference held in Ibadan on Wednesday, insisted that the party leaders have decided to endorse Makinde for a second term. He accused the gubernatorial candidate of the party, Adebayo Adelabu of used and dump syndrome. The Chairman of the party added that Adelabu lacked respect for the leaders and members of the party. Ojo said, “Following the just concluded presidential and national assembly elections in our dear nation, the state working committee of ACCORD, the 33 local government chairmen of ACCORD, as well as party stalwarts converged on the party office, Aremo, Ibadan to evaluate, brainstorm and chart the way forward with a view to proffering workable solutions for the progress and continued development of our pacesetter state. “Consequent upon many appeals and entreaties by the local government chairmen to right some wrongs, including the taking of unilateral decisions, deliberate sidelining of ward and local government party executives in the running and administration of the party and lack of harmonious working relationships by the governorship candidate of the party, Chief Adebayo Adelabu, the entire party structure expressed its displeasure, disappointment and disenchantment for not being carried along as partners in progress and pillars of electoral victory for his candidature. “It was categorically stated after discreet observation and careful study of events that Chief Adebayo Adelabu prefers to work in cahoot with his few supporters from his former party, thereby institutionalising use and dump syndrome within the party. Chief Adebayo Adelabu has neither recognition, nor due respect whatsoever for the party hierarchy and this he will sustain should he be elected as governor of Oyo State. “Arising from the above, the party executives, including the state working committee, local and ward executives have lost confidence in Chief Adebayo Adelabu as a worthy candidate to be supported for the exalted position of state governor. Charity, they say begins at home thus we would not want him to work at cross purposes with our party’s unique and lofty ideology which includes, unity, togetherness, development and progress for the masses. “We are particularly satisfied with Governor Seyi Makinde’s achievements in different sectors such as Education, Health, Civil Service reform, and prompt payment of pension and gratuity to mention but a few. Meanwhile, the 32 ACCORD candidates for the state house of assembly are in the race to win and we call on supporters and party faithfuls to give them the necessary support for their resounding victory at the coming polls”. DAILY POST also learnt that some candidates of Accord included Atiba/ AFIJIO/ Oyo East/ Oyo West federal constituency candidate, Barrister Oyeleru Oyedemi have also endorsed the APC candidate, Teslim Folarin. Investigations by DAILY POST however revealed that thousands of members of Accord are currently in the state of confusion over who to support on Saturday. Our correspondent gathered that the party has split into three with the way things are going in the party. A section of the party has decided to support the gubernatorial candidate, a section has decided to support the PDP while another section has decided to support the APC. Our correspondent learnt that while some members have decided to support the gubernatorial candidate on Saturday, others have decided to support either the PDP or APC. DAILY POST learnt that the Accord as a political party in the state has split into three as at the time of filing this report on Wednesday.