Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Lagos State Emergency Management Agency and the Nigerian Railway Corporation have blamed the driver of a Lagos State Government staff bus for a fatal train accident which killed six people and injured 96 in the PWD area of the state on Thursday. 2. Alhaji Abdullahi Adamu, the traditional ruler of Yaba in Abaji area council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), is dead. A member of the deceased family, Shuaibu Abdullahi, who confirmed the death on Thursday night, said the monarch slumped suddenly and his aides rushed him to Abaji General Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. 3. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has suspended his campaign activities for the March 18 governorship election following the train accident which occurred on Thursday morning. A train belonging to the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) had rammed into a BRT passenger bus conveying the state civil servants to work, killing several people, while scores were critically injured. 4. The Federal High Court, Abuja on Thursday, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC) to allow the use of Temporary Voters’ Cards (PVC) in the March 18 governorship and state Houses of Assembly elections. Justice Obiora Egwuatu made the order while delivering judgment in a suit filed by two aggrieved Nigerians. 5. There are indications that the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, is set to relieve one of his most senior lawyers of his duties, for not handling his matter professionally. The IPOB leader was reportedly angry with the said senior lawyer, who he accused of not being able to secure his release from custody since his incarceration for what he described as no crime. 6. The Defence Headquarters, yesterday, said a total of 1,332 terrorists and their family members surrendered to troops of Operation Hadin Kai across the North East in the last two weeks. The Director, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. Musa Danmadami made the disclosure during the bi-weekly news briefing on the operations of the armed forces in Abuja. 7. The widespread rejection of the old N500 and N1,000 which persisted yesterday was worsened by banks’ refusal to accept deposits of the notes without registration on the Cash Return Portal, CRP, of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. Investigations reveal that banks cannot accept deposits of old notes from customers until the CBN suspends or eliminates CRP registration of old notes deposits. 8. The Presidency yesterday ruled out annulment of the presidential and National Assembly elections of February 25 allegedly characterised by irregularities, saying it won’t allow the June 12, 1993, saga to repeat itself. Consequently, it advised any candidate or political party not satisfied with the conduct and outcome of the election to approach the court for redress. 9. The Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria has advised newly inducted foreign-trained doctors to consider practising their medical profession in the country, instead of travelling abroad in search of greener pastures. The MDCN said many of the doctors who had migrated to other countries are currently regretting their action, given the discrimination they face in their workplace. 10. The Ondo State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, on Thursday, arraigned a man, Samuel Oni, before a Magistrate’s Court sitting in Akure, for allegedly defrauding a sex worker, Blessing Olaitan, of N120,000 via fake alert.