A member of the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Emma Nwosu, has regretted the poor performances of the governing APC in Abia State at the just-concluded 2023 presidential and National Assembly elections conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC. DAILY POST recalls that INEC has declared the APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as the president-elect. Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor, was declared the president-elect after the 70-year-old polled 8,794,726 votes to win the election. He won the election ahead of other contenders – the Peoples Democratic Party candidate, Atiku Abubakar; the Labour Party candidate, Peter Obi; and the New Nigeria Peoples Party candidate, Rabiu Kwankwaso. Earlier, Nwosu, while reacting through a statement at the weekend against the outcome of the presidential and national legislative seats elections held in the state, noted the unprecedented development and sterling popularity being enjoyed from Abia electorates by the APC has been thwarted by the current inordinate gubernatorial ambition of Ikechi Emenike under the party, and his inability to deliver Abia for Tinubu at the concluded elections. “This is how poorly Mr Ikechi Emenike, a supposed gubernatorial candidate of APC in Abia, performed in his polling unit for his presidential candidate that he boasted of being on ground for. “Even Nkeiruka Onyejiocha, a principal officer in the 9th National Assembly, could not win her polling unit for her election, the Labour Party candidate gave her wotowoto in her polling unit. “Late Friday Nwa Nwosu, who is the national party officer of Abia State, could not even deliver his polling unit for his party. What a shame and these set of people are the ones parading as the candidates and leaders with the grassroots to the party at the national. “The wotowoto that is coming by next week Saturday for Ikechi Emenike and his gang won’t have part two. “I pity the sincere candidates that will be standing election with him that next Saturday under our party, APC, in Abia. May God help you all. “It is clear that the mentioned names intentionally pocketed money meant for the presidential election in Abia, thereby weakening the party more in the State. Report has it that no single party agent represented APC in any pooling unit across the state hence the poor and highly embarrassing performance of APC in the just concluded 25th February presidential election. “Some party members who volunteered to work as party agents couldn’t even get as little as transport money to their locations, hence those given the mandate to coordinate Abia ate the money. This is indeed very shameful to say the least and it must be reported at the national Secretariat of APC,” he said.