The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Ebonyi State, Mr. Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii has said the insecurity currently prevailing in the state was occasioned by unemployment and the needless interferences of government in the affairs of local communities. Odii made this known during a debate organized for governorship candidates of different political parties in Ebonyi State by the Nigeria Television Authority (NTA), Abakaliki. He said until the state governments hands off local administration to the local people conflicts and communal crises may continue. Odii who was represented by his running mate, Senator Paulinus Igwe Nwagu said unemployment, and government interferences in the affairs of local communities are one of the major causes of insecurity in the state. According to him: “If you look at what is happening today, we have several communal crises, Ikwo and Izzi people, Abaomege and Ishinkwo, Ezza and Effium people, Ngbo and Igala, Edda and Amasiri etc.” The PDP governorship candidate said uniting the people of Ebonyi State would be a paramount policy of his government as there cannot be any development if there is no peace. He said his government if elected will ensure that the local government and local communities in the state are granted their deserved autonomy, so that they can elect their own leaders, and develop in their own pace, thereby engendering healthy competition and peaceful development. “Our government will not have any interference with local politics. The government should not have an interest in electing leaders of local communities, in communities you allow the people to elect their Town Union Presidents, allow people to elect their traditional rulers; allow people to elect whosoever will be their councillor. “Councilor is one of the most important representatives of the people, my grandmother at home does not know who is the Chairman of the local government. “Allow the government to go back to the people, by giving autonomy to the local government, is very key. “If you give autonomy to the local government and monitor them, they will do wonderfully well,” he reiterated.