The campaign team of the governorship candidate of the Labor Party in Rivers State has revealed that the former state chairman of the party, Deniye Pepple has always been working as a mole for the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state, Siminialayi Fubara. Obidinma Obidinma, the Director Media and Publicity Directorate Campaign Council for the LP governorship candidate in the state, Beatrice Itubo, said Pepple’s endorsement did not come as a surprise to them. Obidinma, in a statement said since the emergence of Fubara as the PDP candidate in the state, Pepple, who is his brother has been allegedly receiving huge sums of money, playing the role of a mole to destabilize Itubo’s candidacy. He called on Rivers people and residents of the state to ignore the tricks of those he described as, “political jobbers”, who are bent on distracting the minds of voters in the state. Obidinma stated that the position of the former chairman does not represent the stand of the Labor Party. “We are aware before now, that Dienye Pepple, since the emergence of his brother, Siminialayi Fubara in PDP as the governorship candidate, has been a mole in the Labor Party. He has been collecting information and sharing the same with his brother and he has collected a huge sum of money to do what he is doing at this eleventh hour. “This is the same man that nearly buckled the campaign rally of Peter Obi in Rivers State, after releasing a huge sum of money to the party Executives and that is in public knowledge. “And we say to our millions of supporters in Rivers State that, Dienye Pepple is on his own, he does not represent the interest of the party. He does not speak for the party. And very soon, the National Working Committee of the party is setting up a caretaker committee. “He is no longer a member of the Labor Party in Rivers State and whoever deals with him does that at his or her own risk. “We are calling on obedient support groups Rivers People, residents of Rivers State, to come out en masse, the way they did on 25 of February, voting Peter Obi massively, to also come and vote for the amazon in this our time, Beatrice Itubo.”