The Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, has again accused the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Enugu State of equipping political thugs to scuttle the March 18 governorship election. Chairman of the CUPP in the state, Festus Okafar made the allegation in a statement he made available to journalists on Monday. Okafor said the recent press briefing by the South-East Council of Traditional Rulers was a vindication of the CUPP’s allegations against the PDP. The South East Council of Traditional Rulers had on Thursday expressed concern over the plot by some desperate politicians to unleash mayhem during the forthcoming governorship and state Houses of Assembly elections. The community leaders stated this at a press briefing addressed by its Chairman, HRM Igwe Lawrence Agubuzu. Agubuzu, who is also the Chairman, Enugu State council of Traditional Rulers, said the press briefing became necessary as a result of some inflammatory statements by some political actors within the zone. On his part, Okafor said Nigerians could now see that the CUPP was not making false claims. He alleged that the group’s intelligence also uncovered the PDP’s plot to infiltrate voting centres with thugs and fake security agencies. According to him, “The aim is to give the semblance that security agencies are on duty, after which they will provide cover for the thugs to unleash mayhem on the people and then scuttle the process, especially in the stronghold of the leading opposition parties. “Like we said before, in cahoot with the INEC, the PDP is making desperate arrangements to bypass the BVAS, have their candidates declared winner and then ask those rigged out to go to court.” He further alleged that with the guber election rescheduled from March 11 to March 18, “the PDP members are now moving around various wards and polling units doling out cash, ranging from N200,000 to N500,000 per polling unit. “While giving out the cash, the instruction is that anyone who will not vote for the PDP should not be allowed access to the polling units. The cash bazaar commenced earlier this week.” Okafor equally raised the alarm over alleged threat to his life over his stand on the elections. “Threats are coming from all quarters but it will not stop us from letting the world know what is happening in the State. “They have been calling us, issuing subtle threats, but that will not stop us,” he stated. DAILY POST reports that the PDP has continued to dismiss the claims as unfounded. Similar allegations have been made by both the APGA and the LP guber candidates, Frank Nweke and Chijioke Edeoga, respectively.