Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, winner of the 2023 presidential election. The former Lagos State governor scored a total votes of 8,794,726 to defeat his closest rival and the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar who polled 6,984,520 votes. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has heartily congratulated the winner of the (2023) Presidential Election, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. This was contained in a statement by the Senior Special Assistant to the president on media and publicity, Garba Shehu. 3. Majority Leader of the House of Representatives, Alhassan Ado Doguwa, has been arrested by the police for his alleged role in the killing of several persons and burning of the secretariat of New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) during the just concluded poll. 4. The West Africa Elders Forum (WAEF) has told Presidential Candidates of Saturday’s general elections and their supporters to maintain peace. Former Nigerian President, Goodluck Jonathan; ex-Ghanaian President John Mahama and other members of the West African Elders Forum (WAEF) Election Mission to Nigeria made this known in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. 5. Ireti Heeba Kingibe of the Labor Party has been declared winner of Saturday’s senatorial election in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Kingibe defeated incumbent Senator Philip Aduda of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who was elected into the senate in 2011. 6. The United Nations on Tuesday appealed to all stakeholders to remain calm over the just concluded Presidential and National Assembly elections in Nigeria. UN Spokesperson, Stephanie Dujarric, in a statement, called on all political leaders and their supporters to ensure a peaceful atmosphere. 7. The vice presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa and his counterpart in the Labour Party, Dr Yusuf Ahmed Baba-Ahmed, has dismissed last week’s presidential election as a sham. They said what the chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, was doing by announcing results yet to be uploaded on the INEC portal was illegal 8. Protesters, majorly women, numbering hundreds, yesterday, barricaded the main entrance road to the International Conference Centre (ICC) Abuja, venue of the National Collation Centre, for last Saturday’s presidential election. The protesters said they were members of different political parties who gathered to express their dissatisfaction over the inability of INEC to upload election results on its portal. 9. Gunmen on Monday attacked the Nkporo Divisional Police Headquarters, in the Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State, and carted away weapons from the police station. It was gathered that the gunmen stormed the police division in three Toyota Sienna vehicles and attacked policemen on duty. 10. Another fuel scarcity is looming as oil marketers, on Tuesday, said many depots had stopped loading Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, due to the apprehension caused by the collation of results of the general elections across the country.