Ibadan Mega Voice (IMV), a group of Ibadan indigenes who are practitioners have enjoined winners of last Saturday’s national assembly election not to disappoint the electorate. The group also enjoined politicians to play the game by the rules during the forthcoming gubernatorial election in Oyo state. IMV made these disclosures in a statement made available to journalists on Sunday. DAILY POST reports that some indigenes of Ibadan were elected into both the Senate and House of Representatives. Some of the newly-elected representatives who are indigenes of Ibadan included Barrister Sharafadeen Abiodun Alli who was elected to represent Oyo South Senatorial District, Hon. Musiliu Akinremi, Ibadan North Federal Constituency, Hon. Akin Alabi – Egbada/Ona Ara Federal Constituency and Hon Stanley Olajide Odidiomo – Ibadan Northwest/Ibadan Southwest Federal Constituency. Others are; Hon Wasiu Olafisoye Akinmoyede – Akinyele/Lagelu Federal Constituency, and Engineer Remi Oseni – Ido/Ibarapa East Federal Constituency. IMV in the statement signed by its President, Kola Olomide and made available to journalists through the general secretary of the group, Oladapo Ibikunle, charged those who lost during the last national assembly election in the state never to give up on their ambition to contribute their quota to the development of their fatherland. Olomide in the statement then advised the newly elected Ibadan indigenes not to disappoint the electorate who voted them into power. He added that the mandate given to them is not for their family and friends alone, but for the entire Ibadanland. The group while speaking further, called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to expedite action on finalizing processes on Oluyole and Ibadan North East/Ibadan South East Federal Constituency elections that were declared inconclusive. The group in the statement sent to DAILY POST Sunday evening said, “IMV has no political affiliation, therefore we are for the betterment of our people and Ibadanland in general. We call on our politicians to let all stakeholders discharge their duties within the confines of the law and in a peaceful atmosphere. “We urge INEC not to give room for doubt and bias, and also to improve on their logistics and other activities in order to deliver credible elections.”