The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Abia State, Prof Greg Ibe, has revealed how God has been saving him from diabolical attacks. This is even as he appealed to Christian leaders in the state to partner with him in liberating Abia State from evil powers and elements of backwardness. Prof Ibe stated these at his campaign office in Umuahia during a meeting with leaders and members of the five blocks of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Abia State chapter. Ibe revealed that his health began to experience some challenges immediately after he declared his intention to contest for the 2023 Abia governorship race but expressed appreciation to God for keeping him strong. Ibe, who used the meeting to reel out his plans for Abia if elected Governor, lamented the travails of Abia civil servants and pensioners are in terrible conditions occasioned by non-payment of their wages and stipends. Dismissing claims that he was dead or amputated, he explained that the false stories were peddled by enemies of Abia State who were afraid of the coming developmental revolution. The APGA guber candidate revealed that he had suffered several diabolical attacks by enemies of Abia, assuring that God’s hands of protection have kept him stronger in the thick of all the challenges. “Subsequently, there is nothing they have not done to stop this mission of liberating and developing our State. In desperate bid to stop me, they began spreading false rumours about me. They attacked my health with Juju and began to circulate evil reports that I have been amputated. They enlisted the partnership of some aggrieved politicians who went as far as falsifying someone’s WAEC certificate and alleged it was mine,” he said. “In order to make people hate me, they lied that I am being sponsored by former Governor T. A. Orji. They even went as far as deploying money that would have been used in bettering the life of our people in funding some collaborators to go to several Courts against me. But no matter what they did, God of Ndi Abia said No!” He further alleged that some powerful persons in PDP denied him the guber ticket for his refusal to share the State’s resources with a few individuals, which he said made him quit the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. He also alleged that the Abia State government tried to eject his campaign office in Umuahia to frustrate his guber ambition. In their responses during the interactive meeting, the Abia priests promised to work with him in the liberation of the State, if he wins the Abia guber. The Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Abia, Apostle Emmanuel Agomo warned that Christians would not allow the rigging of Abia State guber polls and urged Abia electorate to elect only the best candidate.