The Youth Wing of Christian Association of Nigeria (YUWICAN) in Adamawa State has endorsed the candidacy of Senator Aishatu Ahmed Binani of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the March 11 governorship election. The endorsement, expressed on Friday in Yola, came against an earlier endorsement of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Governor Ahmadu Fintiri by the mainstream leadership of CAN. Late in December, the state CAN chairman, Bishop Stephen Mamza, had on a campaign ground in Michika, Mamza’s home town, told the people to vote for Fintiri because Fintiri. He had said, “I have the history of every governor in the state. There’s no governor that performed better than this governor (Fintiri). I didn’t want him to come to Michika for a campaign. “Michika is my local government area. I didn’t want Fintiri to waste his time campaigning in Michika because he’s tested and trusted, it’s a done deal. We’re only waiting for election day.” Mamza’s remark had been criticised by many around the state who felt that the CAN chairman should not be seen to be taking any partisan political stand; but the Youth Wing took their own partisan stand, in a different direction Friday, when it rooted for Binani. The CAN Youth Wing made the endorsement in a statement signed by the YUWICAN Chairman, Rev. Gabriel Shall, urging all young people to vote Binani come March 11. Gabriel Shall identified recent car gifts by Binani to Christian bodies and other groups as one of their reasons for regarding Binani as the one who will serve the people of Adamawa well. He added that Binani and her running mate, Titsi Ganama, have been extending their hands of fellowship to them and it is pay back time. He stated, “We will not forget to Appreciate Hon. Titsi Ganama and his principal who identifies with us in time of needs. The duo have been extending a hand of fellowship to the Christian Community which is evident in the eight vehicles gifted (to Christian organisations). “The vehicles were donated to Catholic Diocese of Yola, Anglican Diocese of Yola, ECWA DCC Yola, Gongola Baptist Conference Yola and LCCN headquarters (Diocese), LCCN Headquarters (Non Diocese), EYN Headquarters Kwarhi and Petecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) Adamawa State chapter. “These are apart from those given to Main CAN and Women Wing. We appreciate them for work Well done. Though we are not among the lucky ones, we believe at the appointed time our own will come and we are never selfish that we can’t appreciate her.”