A group under the auspices of the Concerned Political Appointees’ Forum, CPAF has said opposition parties in Delta State are ready to offer any amount to woo Governor Arthur Okowa’s appointees to their camps, knowing fully well that most of them control large-scale of voters. The group said except Governor Okowa takes steps to pay the allowances of his Special Assistants, Senior Special Assistants and Executive Secretaries, the PDP should expect the worst political hurricane in the governorship election in Delta State. Threatening to sabotage the PDP, the group said it will be better to lose the election if Okowa wants his political appointees to go home crying after serving the government for four years. “Governor Okowa should not expect the political appointees to reject juicy offers from the opposition parties when he refused to pay their allowances.” CPAF made the assertions in a statement signed and made available to newsmen. It said if the PDP must win the state all hands must be on the desk to work for the Party which includes paying the political appointees their entitlements before the elections. “It is said that a hungry man is an angry man and no one should expect an angry man to be at peace with the man who made him angry. It will be better we rock the boat than allow the Governor have his way at all times. If Okowa wants his political appointees to go home crying after serving the government for four years then it’ll be better we sink the boat for everybody to cry.” The group noted that so many factors contributed to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s loss to the Labour Party, LP in the Presidential and National Assembly elections in Delta State. “It’s true that some party faithful including the State government’s political appointees openly worked for the opposition parties to cost the PDP’s failure in the state. “The reason amongst others is the failure of the Governor of Delta State to pay up the allowances the government is owing the appointees. In spite of the money coming to the government coffer, Governor Okowa has chosen to run the state like a family business. “He selectively paid the furniture allowances of his appointees from the Delta North Senatorial District, especially from Agbor area while other appointees from the Delta Central and South Senatorial Districts were not paid, except some of them who have some close friends with him to recommend them. “The painful thing is that those appointees he refused to pay their allowances stood their ground despite their anger to deliver the Party in their various units but his trusted brothers and sisters from his area disappointed him.