Candidates contesting the House of Assembly and gubernatorial elections on the platform of Labour Party in Oyo State have dissociated themselves from the purported endorsement of Governor Seyi Makinde of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The candidates along with the Obidient Movement, a group championing the aspiration of the Labour Party presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi, said that they are not in support of either the All Progressives Congress (APC) or Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo state. The candidates and the Obidient Movement made these disclosures while addressing a joint press conference on Monday in Ibadan. DAILY POST recalls that a section of the Labour party had declared their support for the PDP on Sunday. The chairman of the party, Sodiq Atayese declared that he and other members of the party have endorsed governor Seyi Makinde of PDP. The candidates and the Obidient movement in the state have, however, said that they are not in support of any of the two political parties; APC or PDP. The candidates and the movement urged members of the party to go out en masse to vote for candidates of the party on 11th March 2023. One of the House of Assembly candidates, Ayodeji Babalola (Ibadan South East constituency 2) who spoke during the press conference held at Obi/Datti Campaign office in Oke Ado area of Ibadan, urged members of the party to remain calm and maintain status quo. Babalola, who read the communique signed by other candidates included; Mr. Kayode Adejumo-Bello, Candidate, Ibadan North Constituency 2; Mr. Temidayo Taiwo, Candidate, Ibadan South-West Constituency 2; Mrs. Oluwatoyin Okunlola, Candidate Oluyole Constituency and Mr. Sumonu Musa, Candidate Ibadan North-East Constituency 2, enjoined the people of the state to vote for all the candidates of the party during the forthcoming gubernatorial and house of assembly elections. “Our attention has been drawn to a news item making the rounds in both the traditional and social media, on the declaration of support for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressive Congress (APC) by some minority factions of the leadership of Labour Party in Oyo State towards the forthcoming Gubernatorial and State House of Assembly elections in the State, an action that was taken unilaterally and in pursuit of personal agenda and aggrandisement. “The movement and all candidates hereby totally dissociate itself from the selfish stand of those negligible and greedy elements. The entire public is hereby put on notice to beware of this desperate move. “All Obi-dient members are hereby urged to remain calm, maintain status quo ante bellum, while we go out en masse on Saturday to massively vote for all our state assembly candidates and our gubernatorial candidate, Taofiq Tayo Akinwale.”