Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Exactly 10 days after the Supreme Court judgement mandating the use of old N,1000 and N500 notes as legal tender till December 31, 2023, the Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Godwin Emefiele, on Monday bowed to pressure and officially ordered commercial banks to comply with the court verdict. 2. The President-elect, Bola Tinubu, has said he has no preferred candidates for the leadership of both the Senate and the House of Representatives in the 10th National Assembly. Tinubu, represented by the Vice President-elect, Kashim Shettima, disclosed this at the meeting with new members-elect to the National Assembly in Abuja. 3. The vice presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party and Governor of Delta State, Ifeanyi Okowa, says the sweeping victory recorded by the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, during the February 25 poll was due to religious and ethnic sentiments. The Delta governor stated this on Monday in Asaba while reacting to the outcome of the contentious presidential poll. 4. Beatrice Ekweremadu, the wife of former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, has denied involvement in the search for an organ donor for their ailing daughter, Sonia. She denied the allegation on Monday at the Old Bailey in London where she is standing trial alongside her husband, daughter and one medical doctor, Obinna Obeta. 5. The Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, yesterday, assured the Labour Party (LP’s) legal team of the commission’s readiness to provide all documents the party requested to prosecute its case at the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal (PEPT). 6. A human rights lawyer, Femi Falana (SAN), yesterday said that the 2023 presidential election was marred by result manipulations. Falana stated this during an interview on Channels TV’s Politics Today. 7. Presidential Candidate of Labour Party (LP) in the February 25 election, Mr. Peter Obi, has said the problem of Nigeria is accepting what is wrong and unacceptable as God’s wish for the country. Obi, who spoke in an interview yesterday, was reacting to the position of some Nigerians that the outcome of this year’s presidential election should be seen and accepted as the will of God. 8. The Imo state government on Monday said that the Leadership of the Labour Party, LP, in the state cannot talk of victory when they could not put their house in order. Governor Hope Uzodimma’s Special Adviser on Communications, Collins Ughala made this known to newsmen in Owerri while reacting to the challenge by the LP leadership that they will take over power in Imo State, in November, this year. 9. Town Unions in Igbo land have saluted Nigerians, particularly the irrepressible youths for making strong statements with their votes during the February 25 Presidential and National Assembly elections. The group said the youths came out in an unprecedented number, noting that their loud statement would forever change the entrenched abnormality in Nigeria’s political history. 10. An Ikeja Magistrate’s Court sitting at Ogba, Lagos State, has remanded a 36-year-old man, Roland Okajere, at the Kirikiri Correctional Centre for allegedly raping his 18-year-old daughter inside his shop in the Ikotun area of the state. The Magistrate, Mr L. A Owolabi gave the order after the defendant who is facing a charge bordering on rape preferred against him by the police was arraigned on Monday.