Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the just-concluded presidential election, Atiku Abubakar yesterday, said the journey to become Nigeria’s president almost cost his life. In a press conference in Abuja, Atiku said the journey had started since the military regime. 2. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party yesterday declared that he actually won the 2023 presidential election. Obi who addressed journalists in Abuja on Thursday, vowed to seek redress in court. 3. President-elect Bola Tinubu has said he is fully prepared to face whatever challenge the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Atiku Abubakar, would launch against him anytime. At a press conference on Thursday, Atiku had said last Saturday’s election in which Tinubu was declared winner was neither free nor fair. 4. Two senators, Gershom Bassey (Cross River South) and Abba Moro (Benue South) yesterday faulted the argument of Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, on the provisions of the Electoral Act regarding the electronic transmission of results. They said the act mandates the electoral body to transmit election results electronically from polling units to its central server. 5. Apparently disturbed by the performance of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, in the just concluded presidential poll in Kaduna State, President Buhari, has apologised to Nigerians over the cash crunch caused by the naira redesign policy. He also begged the people of Kaduna State to vote for the gubernatorial candidate of the APC, Senator Uba Sani. 6. Ahead of the March 11, 2023 governorship and State Houses of Assembly elections, the Senate yesterday asked the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to adhere strictly to the 1999 Constitution as amended and the Electoral Act 2022 in the conduct of the poll. 7. The National Working Committee, NWC, of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has rejected the declaration and return of the Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu, as President-elect by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC. The NWC demanded the withdrawal of the certificate of return issued to Tinubu, saying he didn’t win. 8. Presidential Campaign Council (PCC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State has lauded Governor Nyesom Wike for being instrumental to Bola Tinubu’s victory in the state. In return, they have declared to reciprocate the support by backing his preferred candidate, Siminialaye Fubara of the PDP in the gubernatorial election of March 11. 9. Aggrieved parents of the 12-year-old pupil of Chrisland International School, Whitney Adeniran, who recently died in strange circumstances during the school’s inter-house sports activities at the Agege Stadium, Lagos State, have said the result of the autopsy on their daughter revealed that she died of electrocution. Whitney’s mother, Blessing, in a live broadcast on Instagram on Wednesday, confirmed the development. 10. A policeman, Olalere Michael, on Thursday committed suicide after shooting his girlfriend, identified simply as Tosin to death on the premises of a private school located on Agba Dam Housing Estate, Gaa Akanbi, in the Ilorin area of Kwara State. It was gathered that the policeman who was attached to the Kwara State Government House, Ilorin, and his lover were together when a misunderstanding ensued between them.