Founded in 2013, CEX.IO is a licensed, multi-purpose cryptocurrency exchange. About 200 digital currencies and tokens, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Uniswap (UNI), and others, are supported by this cryptocurrency exchange with headquarters in London. Almost four million users are served by the global crypto exchange ecosystem that CEX.IO has created, which is accessible in 99% of nations and 48 U.S. states. Powered by an internal mining pool named GHash.IO, CEX.IO was established in 2013 as a crypto cloud mining provider and marketplace for hashing power. The startup wanted to make it possible for people to receive cryptocurrency mining profits without having to install pricey mining equipment in their houses. With the shutdown of GHash.IO because of its lack of profitability in late 2016, CEX.IO made the decision to halt cloud mining. Instead, the business redirected its attention to creating a global ecosystem of cryptocurrency exchanges. A regulated cryptocurrency exchange with more than 4 million users now is CEX.IO. It provides goods and services for Everyone, Traders, and Companies market sectors, respectively. Features for ‘Everyone’ include simple fiat-to-crypto purchase options through PayPal, debit cards, or even Google/Apple Pay, a crypto wallet, exchange staking, and a crypto lending platform. Spot trading, margin trading, and the exchange’s mobile app for on-the-go trading are all advantageous to “traders.” ‘Businesses’ can also use CEX.IO PRIME, which offers institutional-grade crypto trading services, to conduct their business. Moreover, CEX.IO provides credit card processing services to clients in a few European nations. It also operates CEX.IO Broker, a commission-free margin trading platform. Cryptocurrencies Available on CEX.IO About 200 digital currencies and tokens are supported by CEX.IO, which also frequently adds new coins to its portfolio. Here are some of the most well-known cryptocurrencies you can trade right now on CEX.IO: Bitcoin (BTC) Bitcoin Cash (BCH) Cardano (ADA) Cosmos (ATOM) Ethereum (ETH) Litecoin (LTC) Tether (USDT) Tezos (XTZ) Tron (TRX) Uniswap (UNI) Zilliqa (ZIL) Trading Experience The three user groups that CEX.IO is aiming to attract are “Everyone,” “Traders,” and “Businesses.” Everyone Using a variety of payment options, such as PayPal, debit/credit cards, Apple/Google Pay, and others, anybody can utilize the exchange’s Quick Purchase function to purchase Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Moreover, CEX.IO offers crypto-backed loans that let users borrow fiat currency by pledging crypto as security, soft staking on 13 cryptocurrencies that lets users earn cryptocurrency. Traders The spot and margin trading platforms offered by the exchange as well as the mobile trading app CEX.IO are available to traders. Businesses Companies can register for CEX.IO PRIME, which gives institutional-size purchasers access to liquidity. Moreover, businesses can incorporate bitcoin payments utilizing CEX Direct, a payment gateway run by CEX.IO for cryptocurrency purchases. You won’t likely be able to get your lost cryptocurrency back if your cryptocurrency exchange account is compromised or if you send it to the wrong wallet address. Security Digital assets at CEX.IO are spread between the hot and the cold wallets maintained by the exchange. Cold wallets are offline, but hot wallets are online. There are hot and cold wallets with unique private keys for each digital currency, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and others. The quantity of bitcoin that can support day-to-day trading activity, given criteria like trading volumes and anticipated deposits and withdrawals, determines the ratio in which they divide the total money between the hot and cold wallets. According to statistics, just a small portion of all digital assets are now in use. Hence, the hot wallet holds a very small portion of the total crypto funds. Significantly, the company’s funds are those that continue to be kept in hot wallets to support everyday bitcoin trading. By design, hot wallet is an account of corporate funds – after a transaction has been performed, that amount is deducted or credited to the individual client account. Therefore, all exposure to the risk of maintaining a hot wallet is solely limited to CEX.IO. This is consistent with newer, greater security and fund safety criteria being adopted by digital asset exchanges. All customer money for significant cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum are kept in cold storage. The percentage of funds kept in a cold wallet for the most recently listed altcoins is very close to 100%. Client monies placed throughout the day are transferred to the cold wallet as part of a daily reconciliation process, keeping the majority of cash belonging to CEX.IO in the hot wallet, which is intrinsically riskier. This indicates that CEX.IO funds, not user funds, will be impacted if there is a hot wallet attack. The cash belonging to the clients continues to be held in secure offline cold wallets at the same time, unaffected by all save the occasional occasions when the hot wallet needs to be rebalanced. Hot wallet security As the hot wallet is connected to the internet, it is fundamentally riskier than the cold wallet. Hot wallets, which are entirely automated and, as previously established, only store a small fraction of the total funds, are used to facilitate transaction activity on the CEX.IO exchange. Hot wallets are secure according to general security rules. The details are as follows: Finance and Compliance controls: Each transaction using a hot wallet is subject to independent reviews from the Compliance and the Finance departments and requires signatures from both in accordance with the “Multiple Controls” philosophy. Security of Data Storage and Handling: Hot wallets adhere to PCI DSS Level 1, the highest standard accepted by credit and debit card issuers, and routinely assess the compliance components involved in this procedure. Cold wallet security Cold wallets are mostly based on manual operations, with no automation allowed. Cold wallets are subject to general security rules. These concepts are expressed in the following details due to the manual procedures and offline nature of these wallets: Multiple Signatures: A multi-signature requirement in cold wallets carries out the “Multiple Controls” principle. A transaction can be started by an authorized person, but it must get confirmation from several other authorized people in order to be executed. Whitelisted Addresses: Only after reconciling all balances can funds from the cold wallets be transferred to the CEX.IO hot wallets’ whitelisted addresses. When transactions are made and signed, even by all fully authorized participants, the CEX.IO system contains control systems to ensure that they are sent only to the correct destination addresses. With CEX.IO, every financial transfer is governed by a complex system of checks and controls. CEX.IO uses the strictest fund custodianship rules, which are supported by governmental bodies and are widely practised by banks around the world when developing security processes.