The President General of Umueri Community and Prime Minister of Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU), Ambassador Chief John Chukwudi Metchie, has congratulated Hon. Tony Nwoye, Sen. Victor Umeh, Sen. Ifeanyi Ubah, Emeka Idu and Aniekwe Peter (Macpee), for their victory at Saturday’s National Assembly election. While Nwoye and Umeh won under the banner of the Labour Party, (LP), to represent Anambra North and Anambra Central respectively, Uba is returning to the Red Chamber under the Young Peoples Party (YPP) to represent Anambra South. Metchie who is the African Director, International Association of World Peace Advocates, also congratulated other Anambra state candidates who won House of Representatives seats in Saturday’s election. They include Dom Okafor (APGA)- Aguata; Maureen Gwacham (APGA)-Ayamelum/Oyi; Aniekwe Peter (Macpee) (LP)-Anambra East/west; Ozodinobi George (LP)-Anaocha/Dunukofia/Njikoka; Pascal Agbodike (APGA)-Ihiala; Princess Chinwe Nnabuife (YPP)- Orumba North/South; Uche Elodimuo (APGA)- Nnewi North/South/Ekwusigo; Uchenna Okonkwo (LP)- Idemili North/South; Emeka Idu (LP)- Onitsha North/South; Prof Lilian Orogbo (LP)-Awka North/South and Afam Ogene (LP)- Ogbaru. In a statement Wednesday which he personally signed, Metchie described the National Assembly election winners as prominent sons and daughters of Anambra State and expressed confidence and hope in their abilities to work for the transformation of the state through quality representation. He called on the returning and in-coming lawmakers to eschew politics of bitterness and segregation, but rather work with the state Governor, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo to develop and transform Anambra state and engender prosperity for the people of the state. Chief Metchie pledged to continue to play his own part towards the security of the people and properties of people of Anambra State and Nigeria. The statement reads partly, “Let me use this opportunity to call on all the winners of the elections, both for the Senate and the House of Representative, to make a resolve, to work with our Governor, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo and the state government for the good and prosperity of the people of Anambra state, irrespective of their political inclinations. “I call on them not to go for political vendetta or revenge, but to work together with the Governor, by providing good quality representation, in terms of contributing to the making of good laws that would enhance the standard of living of the people of Anambra State and Nigerians in general. “We also expect them to use their positions to lobby their colleagues from other states of Nigeria, in order to attract infrastructural development across Anambra State”.