The Peter Obi-Yusuf Datti Campaign movement popularly called ‘Obidients’ in Akwa Ibom State on Saturday, March 4, collapsed its structure into the Young Progressives Party, YPP for the coming March 11 governorship election in the state. This was contained in a press statement signed by Otoabasi Asuquo and Engr Otoabasi Ntiah, respectively the Convener and Coordinator of the movement in the state. The statement was read during a formal declaration of support for the YPP guber candidate, Senator Bassey Akpan in Uyo, the state capital. Dismissing the insinuation that the Obi-Datti movement is for the Labour Party, the coalition said: “As Obidients, we are not controlled by political party policies or ideologies. Rather, we look out for candidates with good character, capacity, competence and compassion. We chose to promote the best presidential candidate, that of the Labour Party, HE Peter Obi, because we saw that he has the solutions to Nigeria’s problems. “In Akwa Ibom, after a long meeting with all the support groups numbering over 100, we carried out adequate background checks on all the governorship candidates of the various political parties in the state. We used a formula called the 4 Cs – character, capacity, competence and compassion, and Senator Bassey Akpan perfectly fits into the shoes.” The statement reads in part: “As you are aware, the Obi-Datti movement goes beyond party lines. We are a group of like minds who desire a better Nigeria. We are so passionate about good governance in our state and local communities. “We have learnt our lessons. We will support the political party that supported our principal on the 25th of February. We will mobilize all Obi-Datti structures in the 4, 354 polling units to vote for YPP in the March 11 governorship election. “It must be noted that the Obi-Datti movement in Akwa Ibom State worked extremely hard to ensure that our principal, Peter Obi, won the February 25th presidential election in the state, but those massive LP votes and results which humbled major political parties in the state were manipulated at the various INEC ward collation centres in the 31 local government areas by PDP. “YPP deserves all the support from the Obidient movement in Akwa Ibom State because they showed us so much love by standing with the Obidient mobilisers to deliver our principal, Mr Peter Obi, in the 4,354 polling units in Akwa Ibom State. “In life, one good turn deserves another. The YPP governorship candidate Senator Obong Bassey Albert and his dear wife have always been supportive of the realization of a New Nigeria with Peter Obi and Datti Baba-Ahmed. Even when our people voted for Peter Obi, the PDP manipulated the results to ensure Obi, our in-law, lost in Akwa Ibom. “As we worked to emancipate the Nigerian masses from the bondage of the government of the day, we are determined to work and liberate our brothers and sisters in Akwa Ibom from the bondage of those who feel it is their right to decide who governs.” Speaking earlier, the coordinator of non-indigenes in Akwa Ibom and President General of the Igbo Community in the state, Chief Sunday Orie described the endorsement as spectacular saying that since Senator Albert publicly supported Peter Obi, their brother, and delivered his local government for the presidential candidate, the onus falls on them to reciprocate by supporting him during the March 11 gubernatorial election. While praying for victory and safety, Chief Orie urged the people not to be discouraged by the experience of February 25, but should rather make a bold statement with their PVCs. Receiving the endorsement, Senator Akpan thanked the ‘Obidients’ for the show of love and confidence reposed in him, promising not to let them down. He also promised to create an enabling environment for the traders that are majorly Igbos to do their business without overbearing taxation as they currently face and promised to create the Office of Non-Indigenes or Special Assistants where their welfare and concerns would be channeled to. Senator Akpan urged the people to vote for him promising to secure his votes across the state even as he said he will not allow PDP to repeat what it did during the February 25 presidential election.