The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi has asked Nigerian electorates not to consider ethnicity and religion as they go out to vote in February’s general elections. Obi gave this charge on Saturday in Osogbo at the Labour Party presidential campaign rally in company of his running mate, Datti Baba Ahmed. While urging the electorates in the State to vote out political parties who claimed to have structures, he added that political parties and their structures have crippled Nigeria. In his words, “All these challenges are caused by those who say they have party structures. But these structures have crippled Nigeria. I want me and you to destroy these structures by voting them out next month.” He revealed that he has plans to secure Nigeria and transform the country from a consumer to producer nation. “We will change Nigeria from a consuming country to a producing country. These people kept on bragging that they have structures. Yet, they are not doing anything. They are not producing anything in this State, youths are unemployed, we will change these challenges. “We are going to secure and unite Nigeria. We want a Nigerian to be proud of being a Nigerian. We will deliver a secured Nigeria. We don’t want Nigerians to be in the IDP camp, we don’t want you to be a slave in your own country,” he said. Obi added that youth unemployment, poverty and hunger were major challenges that needed to be confronted. “Nigerians are hungry, youths have no job. It is not safe to travel anywhere in Nigeria today,” he lamented. He disclosed that when he becomes president, he will govern Nigeria with the fear of God and make job creation and youth employment a major priority of his administration. Obi on Friday, January 6, 2023 was in Ekiti State also for the Labour Party presidential campaign. In Ekiti State, Peter Obi and his running mate, Datti Baba Ahmed promised the electorates hope for a new Nigeria and a national rebirth. Meanwhile, former president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo also threw his weight behind the candidacy of Peter Obi for president. Obasanjo had in a New Year letter addressed to Nigerian youths and made available by his aide, Kehinde Akinyemi, described Obi as his mentee and said the former Anambra State governor had an edge over other presidential candidates in the 2023 elections. Also, the Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom added his voice behind the presidential ambition of Peter Obi.