The allegation of sponsorship of violence levelled against former governor Adegboyega Oyetola by the Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke has been described as spurious, misleading and one merely orchestrated to get at the former governor and the All Progressives Congress (APC) members and leaders in the state. The state APC Director of Media, Chief Kola Olabisi, in a statement on Saturday maintained that the intended target was missed and added that the allegation of sponsorship of violent activities against Oyetola is the figment of the imagination of persons who put the story together for a devilish intention. Adeleke had on Friday during a meeting with Osun stakeholders alleged that violence has once again returned to the state after the arrival of his predecessor, Oyetola on Monday, January 2, 2023. Oyetola had returned to Osun to ovations from his supporters in Monday for the inauguration of the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Committee of the APC in the state. The purpose of the inauguration was for the APC in the state to commence campaigning towards the 2023 presidential and state House of Aseembly elections in the state. Olabisi who hinted that it was strange that Governor Adeleke and his handlers could assume the role of peace makers, delivering speeches and preachments on peace added that it is known to all that the PDP and peace were like day and night. Olabisi appealed to the people of the state to be wary of the antics in the governing party in the state as they are noted for inducing terror with the intention of scapegoating the innocent. “Oyetola is a man of peace, as evidenced by his pleasant conduct during and after the last governorship election. “If Oyetola were to be equally belligerent like Adeleke and his devotees, Osun would have experienced another ‘Operation wetie’ after the blatantly rigged poll that produced Adeleke.” While cautioning Adeleke to desist from fouling the polity with false alarm designed to shield his government of oppression, Olabisi called on him to prevail on his supporters to stop their brutality. He also noted that if not checked, the heinous undertaking is capable of plunging the hitherto peaceful state into avoidable political turmoil.