Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has directed the State Universal Basic Education Board, SUBEB to reconstruct a primary school at Tse-Tseen, Saghev burnt down during herdsmen attacks on the community. Several primary schools have either been burnt down or abandoned following herders attacks on villages and communities in various parts of the State. Governor Ortom gave the directive Sunday, January 8th, 2023 in his remarks at the Thanksgiving Mass in honour of ‘Onov Mba Zenke Geraza’ led by Tor Lobi, HRH, Moses Anageende held at St. Theresa Catholic Church, Tse-Tseen, Saghev in Guma Local Government Area. The Governor mandated the Executive Secretary of SUBEB, Joseph Utse to work out modalities for the reconstruction of all blocks that were burnt down. The primary school board is also to construct an additional block of classrooms in the school to serve the community. He lamented that the school which was constructed and fully equipped by his administration was razed down by Fulani terrorists, a development which has rendered the children of the community without access to education. Governor Ortom also reiterated his call on people of the state to always be vigilant and prompt to respond to invaders whose sole agenda is not to graze but take over their ancestral land. He called on those who registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to ensure they collect their Permanent Voters Cards, PVC to enable them vote in the forthcoming elections. He stressed that Benue people will not vote for those who will continue to make the people live in as Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs in their own land. The Governor further commended the security agencies for their “hard work, dedication, resilience, and patriotism” to guarantee security of lives and property. To further strengthen the security of the State, the Governor announced that his administration will embark on the third training of additional 1,000 personnel of the Community Volunteer Guards in January this year to boost their operations. He emphasized that the State Security outfit whose role is to complement the conventional security agencies, requested traditional rulers to liaise with Local Government Chairmen in their respective Areas to nominate youngmen with proven integrity who will be trained in the next batch of volunteer Guards. While congratulating the Tor Lobi on the occasion, Governor Ortom noted how Saghev community has produced great people who have added value to the development of the state and expressed delight that socio-economic life was gradually picking up in the community after the dastardly attacks by herdsmen. In his remarks, Tor Lobi, HRH, Chief Anageende, said the Thanksgiving Mass was to appreciate God for his many blessings and raise funds for the construction of a befitting Catholic Church in the community where he began his faith. He lauded the Governor’s tireless efforts for development of the State, particularly his security interventions for peace to prevail. The Parish Priest of St. Gabriel’s Parish Tsavnum-Saghev, Nongov, Rev. Fr Richard Iyaghigba in his homily, challenged Christians to manifest faith in good deeds in the society so that the world will see and embrace God’s ways. According to the cleric, as Jesus Christ was made manifest and his light has illuminated the universe, Christians must uphold truth and shun deceit, emphasising that the light of God has shone and the faithful must avoid darkness and pursue righteousness. The Governor later inspected the school and visited the Army unit stationed in the community and commended them for their sacrifices to the people of the area.