The All Progressives Congress (APC) has asked the state Police Command and other law enforcement bodies in Osun to beef up security within and outside the State High Court premises, venue of the Governorship Election Petition Tribunal. The Tribunal is slated to resume its seating on Friday for the final written addresses of applicants. But the Osun APC said its call for security is with a view to nipping in the bud, any violence that may be orchestrated by disgruntled politicians. The state Acting APC Chairman, Tajudeen Lawal also commended the efforts of both the statutory and conventional security agencies since the inception of the tribunal, tasking them not to relent in their efforts. In a statement signed by Kola Olabisi, the Osun APC Media Director on Thursday, Lawal said it was expedient for the assigned security officers at the Tribunal to discharge their duties without fear or favour and with the exhibition of civility during the course of performing their official responsibilities. He also assured the security agents that the state APC members will conduct themselves in a peaceful manner during the tribunal sitting. In his words, “I assured the security agents of the commitment of APC members to their usual orderliness and display of Omoluabi virtues in and outside the venue of the tribunal. “I, however, advise the statutory security agents to extend the tentacles of their investigation of crimes in the state to bungle the boasted plans of some political stakeholders in the state to sponsor hoodlums to cause mayhem in and outside the tribunal venue.” Commending the Osun APC members for exhibiting a spirit of resilience while attending the tribunal sessions, Lawal encouraged them not to waiver in their belief that justice would not only be served but will be seen to be served to the satisfaction of all the genuine lovers of democratic government. “I urge the APC members to turn out in their usual numbers for the tribunal attendance in order to boost the morale of the party’s lawyers who have been working day and night to secure justice for the party in the July 16, 2022 governorship election. “The members of our party should continue their usual culture of decorum no matter the provocation from any quarters in order to be active partakers in watching the imminent light at the end of the tunnel,” Lawal concluded. On December 20, 2022, the Osun State gubernatorial election petition tribunal adjourned sitting to January 13, 2023, for final written addresses by Ademola Adeleke and Adegboyega Oyetola. Adegboyega Oyetola of the APC had lost the July 16, 2023, Osun guber election to Ademola Adeleke of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Oyetola also challenged Adeleke’s victory at the Osun gubernatorial election petition tribunal headed by Justice Tertsea Kume.