The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Ekiti State will on Wednesday, January 11, 2023, inaugurate a 143- member campaign council to midwife the 2023 general elections for the party’s candidates across board in the state with a view to ensuring victory for the party’s candidates. The state secretary of the party, Hon. Garba Arogundade,in a statement issued and made available to newsmen in Ado-Ekiti on Tuesday, disclosed that the 143 members of the campaign council will be inaugurated at the conference Hall of the Governor’s Office, Ado-Ekiti at 10:00 am prompt. The secretary particularly, urged the council members to ensure they attend the Inauguration punctually. He also called on concerned members who have not yet collected their appointment letters to as a matter of urgency contact the JKF Centre on Ajilosun area of Ado-Ekiti to get it on or before tomorrow morning. The Campaign Council headed by the State Governor, Mr. Biodun Abayomi Oyebanji, is also Co-chaired by the former Governor of the state, Kayode Fayemi, while the State Chairman of the party, Bar. Paul Omotosho will serve as the Coordinator to the campaign council. While the Following people will as well serve in various directorates to the Campaign Council. APC STATE CAMPAIGN COUNCIL Chairman HE Biodun Aboyomi Oyebanji Co Chairman HE John Kayode Fayemi State Coordinator Hon Paul Omotosho Members Chief Alaba Abejide HE Monisade Afuye Senator Olubunmi Adetunbi HE Biodun Aluko HE Modupe Adelabu Rt. Hon. Bunmi Adelugba Hon. Mrs. Bunmi Oriniowo Chief Olajide Awe Chief George Akosile Prince Dayo Adeyeye Sen. Ayo Arise Hon. Oyetunde Ojo Mr. Dele Alake Chief Mrs. Ronke Okusanya Tony Adeniyi Zonal Coordinator (South) Chief Yemi Adaramodu Zonal Coordinator (North) Cyril Fasuyi Zonal Coordinator (Central) Opeyemi Bamidele Director Legal – Barr. Adeyeye Director Media and Publicity– Segun Dipe Director canvasser s/ support groups- Sola Elesin Director youth mobilization – Makinde Araoye Director women Mobilization- Dr. Yemi Oyebanji Director security- Dele Olugbemi Director logistics and General Admin – Gbenga Agbeyo Director organization – Oladapo Karounwi Director policy and strategies – Garba Arogundade Director Finance- Akin oyebode Director Mobilization Femi Awe (Femtex) Secretary Campaign Council- Sola Elesin Advisory Committee Chairman HE Niyi Adebayo Co-Chairman – HE Kayode Fayemi V. Chairman HE Dr. (Mrs.) Modupe Adelabu Member HE Chief Bisi Egbeyemi Member HE Biodun Oyebanji Member Olawale Fapounda Member HE Surv. Abiodun Aluko Member Rt. Hon. Speaker Olubunmi Adelugba Member HE Monisade Afuye Member HE Biodun Aluko Member Chief Jide Awe Member Hon. Mrs. Bunmi Oriniowo George Akosile Vincent Bewaji Secretary Chief Biodun Akin Fasae Director Legal – Barr. Adeyeye Deputy Director legal – Olalekan Odetola Members Barr. Tosin Osundahunsi Bar. Bayo Idowu Director Media and Publicity– Segun Dipe Deputy Director I – Wole Olujobi Deputy Director II – Taiwo Olatunbosun Members Tunde Akinlabi Mary Oso Aanu Albert Aluko Alhaji Lawal Dauda Mr. Diran Fadipe Jide Olatuyi Tola Odoko Director canvasser s/ support groups- Sola Elesin Deputy Director I Ayeni Adeola David (omoadura) Deputy Director II – Otunba Adeniyi Dolamu Member Bunmi Awotiku Director youth mobilization – Makinde Araoye Deputy I – Dele Philips Deputy II – Ayeni Ayodeji Adarabierin Members Sunday Asekun Nicholas Oyinade Moses Ademiloye Director women Mobilization- HE Dr. Yemi Oyebanji Deputy I – Hon. Mrs. Wumi Ogunlola Deputy II – Toyin Adepoju Members Mrs. Sola Bello Hon. Mrs. Carol Egunlusi Mrs. Adamolekun Deborah Omolara Hon. Mrs. Ayo Olajide Hon. Mrs. Ropo Usikalu Hon. Mrs. Anthonia Omonusi Hon. Mrs. Bunmi Famakinwa Princess Adejoke Ojo Hon. Mrs. Aderemi Oluwatayo Mrs. Felicia Ibiloye Director security- Dele Olugbemi Deputy I– Major Tajudeen Awe Deputy II – Dele Owoju Members Prince Niyi Adedipe Mr. Sunday Adeola Chief Joseph Omotayo Fatope Director logistics and General Admin – Gbenga Agbeyo Deputy I- Bisi Dada Deputy II – Opeyemi Agbede Members Demola Obanise Director organization – Oladapo Karounwi Deputy I – Sunday Awoyomi Deputy II – Fayeba Isaac Members Yemi Oluwasola Bola Alegbeleye Femi Ogunsola Director policy and strategies – Garba Arogundade Deputy – Bewaji Vincent Segun Ibironke Director Finance- Akin oyebode Deputy – Bunmi Adelugba Members Oluomo Osinkolu Hon. Dapo Kolawole Engr. Fakayode Basorun Tope Alabi Director Mobilization Femi Awe (Femtex) Deputy I Hon. Niyi Olajide Deputy II Hon. Kayode Olaosebikan Members Hon. Sanya Aladeyelu Tunji Oyinloye Mr. Bolarinwa Oluyomi Hon. Tade Aluko Prof. Adio Afolayan Central Director – Opeyemi Bamidele Deputy Director I – Biodun Omoleye Deputy Director II Sola Fatoba Members Senatorial youths leader Senatorial chairman Senatorial women leader Women mobilization Nike Ajisafe Youths-mobilization Ilesanmi Ade-ademola South Director – Yemi Adaramodu Deputy I – Femi Bamisile Deputy Director II Adeniyi Ojuawo Members Senatorial youths leader Senatorial chairman Senatorial women leader Women mobilization (Chairman) Oluremi Ajayi Youth mobilization (Chairman) Ijidale Olalekan North Director – Cyril Fasuyi Deputy I – Akin Rotimi Deputy Director II Akin Kolawole Members Senatorial youths leader Senatorial chairman Senatorial women leader Women mobilization Kemi Olaleye Youths Mobilization Kola Owoseni All LG Coordinators All State House of Assembly,