Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has charged people of the state, particularly residents of Konshisha and Gwer East local government areas to vote Titus Uba as the next Governor of the State in the forthcoming elections. According to the governor, only the PDP administration cares about the security of Benue people, stressing that voting for the party in the coming elections, would strengthen the fight against insecurity and other challenges in the state. Governor Ortom spoke yesterday in Tse-Agberaga and Aliade when he led the PDP campaign train to the local government areas in continuation of the statewide rally by the party. The governor urged the people of Konshisha and Gwer East Local Government areas to vote for Uba as the next Governor of the State, stating that the PDP candidate has a track record of performance serving as Speaker of the state House of Assembly. He said he is convinced that Uba will continue to build on the gains achieved in the area of security for the state against terrorists who are bent on taking over their ancestral lands. On his senatorial election, Governor Ortom declared that if elected to the Senate to represent Benue North-West, he will collaborate with his colleagues, Senators Gabriel Suswam and Abba Moro, to back Uba as Governor to tackle the challenges confronting the state. The Senator representing Benue North-East Senatorial District, Dr. Suswam also enjoined the people of Konshisha and Gwer East to stand in support of Engr. Uba to win the governorship election. Senator Suswam also tasked the people of Gwer-East on the need to elect Governor Ortom to represent Benue North-West Senatorial district in the Senate, stating that with Ortom in the Senate, they would be better positioned to make a case for Benue in the national power equation. In his remarks, the PDP Governorship candidate, Uba said, “for me, it is homecoming,” stating that he had confidence that the people would vote for him and all other candidates of the party. He particularly told the people to vote Governor Ortom and Senator Suswam to the National Assembly as they have demonstrated a firm commitment to standing for the interest of the Benue people. Acting State Chairman of PDP, Isaac Mffo at the occasion welcomed decampees from other political parties into the PDP fold, while the Director, State Campaign Management Committee, Dr. Cletus Tyokyaa said the party remains unbeatable as all its candidates were experienced people who will add value to governance when elected.