The Federal Government has ordered a temporary suspension of the ongoing construction works on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway to ease the travelling experience for holidaymakers returning to their destinations after the festive season. Recall that the construction company, Julius Berger on Tuesday returned to the site to continue construction works between the popular Long Bridge and Kara bus stop on the Lagos-bound carriageway after leaving in December 2022. The contractors’ return has resultant gridlock in the axis, with commuters groaning on Thursday. Following this, the Federal Controller of Works in Lagos State, Umar Bakare, on Friday suspended the work and supervised the removal of crash barriers on the highway on the Kara Section. Speaking with the journalist after re-opening Section One of the highway to traffic, Bakare stated that the measure was to give an opportunity to those returning from the end-of-the-year holiday to have a better motoring experience. While explaining that the contractors were able to carry out quick repair till the early hours of Friday before removing the crash barriers in anticipation of a huge return journey of people over the weekend, Bakare said the contractors would resume on Monday, Jan. 9, and complete work between Kara and Long Bridge within 20 days of resumption. ”Temporary repairs were done on some sections in December, and the contractors were able to further upgrade work on their short return in January. We understand and realise that there are still a lot of people who are still returning from their various journeys. ”To this extent, we have asked the contractor, after completing that section (Kara), to stop work and remove the barriers till the coming week for the completion of the other section between Long Bridge and Kara to the final layer.” While assuring Nigerians that the government would make public announcements and always sensitise the public on the progress of work, the Controller urged for the patience of road users and lane discipline around construction zones, noting the government’s concerns about their welfare.