The identified cases of diphtheria in Kano has risen from 25 to 100 in less than two weeks. Three persons in 13 local government areas of the state have died. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa, stated this during the press conference on Diphtheria and Lassa fever outbreaks in the state. He said the epidemiology unit of the ministry was notified by Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital and Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital of the suspected cases of Diphtheria, prompting the ministry to mobilize its team to commence investigation. “As at 20th of January 2023 we have recorded 100 suspected cases from 13 local government areas which are Ungogo, Nassarawa, Bichi, Dala, Dawakin Tofa, Dawakin Kudu, Fagge, Gwale, Kano Municipal, Kumbotso, Rano, and Gwarzo respectively, Of the 100 suspected cases, 8 were confirmed, while waiting more results. We have lost 3 among 8 confirmed and 22 among other suspected cases,” he added. Tsanyawa further said currently 27 patients are receiving treatment while 41 have been managed and discharged successfully. The commissioner also said on 10 January, the Public Health Emergency Operation Center received a report of suspected case of Lassa fever from Muhammad Abdullahi Wase Teaching Hospital. He said a team was deployed to investigate and samples were taken for laboratory tests before they returned positive three days later. “10 samples were taken from the high-risk contacts of the index case, 3 become positive making a total of 4 cases currently managed at Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital isolation center,” Dr. Tsanyawa said. The commissioner also said the Kano State Government activated the Kwanar Dawaki Isolation Center for isolating the Lassa fever cases, adding that staff of ‘Yargaya have been trained and transferred to the isolation center with drugs and consumables. He pointed out that the ministry, through the primary health care management board, is planning to conduct a routine immunization intensification campaign to reach out to all eligible children in the affected local government areas.