A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and erstwhile National National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Eze Chukwuemeka Eze has called on the former Vice President and Presidential candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar, to null further plans to advance moves of reconciliation with the Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike and his G-5 circle. In a statement made available to media houses in Port Harcourt, Eze said having dissipated so much energy and resources to bring the disgruntled elements to par without result, it is only appropriate for the ‘Waziri Adamawa’’ and the leadership of the umbrella party to channel attention and invest into more fruitful political ventures that would yield result at the polls in 2023. Eze, a key member of the APC who played a no mean role in midwifing the party, said he has followed religiously the recent happenings in the PDP as regards Wike and his face-off with Atiku and wishes to put across his view on the matter and proffer a way out of the seemingly unsolvable crisis. Having related with and understudied the duo of Atiku and Wike, Eze hinted that the face-off between the two men is not based on any misunderstanding or whatever but on the political miscalculation on the side of Wike who never took time to understudy who Atiku is and his style of politicking. As a good friend to Wike, Eze said he counselled him not to fight Atiku but the Rivers Governor felt he knows all about Nigerian politics. As a student of Atiku’s style of politics, the party Chief hinted that he also advised Atiku to keep Wike at arms length and the former VP took the wise counsel and the later face-off that ensued between the two has further opened the eyes of Atiku on my wise counsel. “As a matter of fact, if Wike could abuse, insult and do everything he did to humiliate Amaechi, his destiny helper and biggest benefactor; who appointed him as his Chief of Staff and recommended him to be appointed a Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, who else in this country will be spared by Wike’s unbridled loquaciousness and backstabbing,” Eze said. “With the poor attitude Nigerians have seen Wike exhibit, ranging from his draconian orders and prohibitions to his unrestrained and embarrassing loquaciousness, Nigerians owe some gratitude to the PDP and Atiku for saving the country an international embarrassment. Eze called on Atiku to “forget the political jesters and forge ahead with his political campaign as this group that lacks integrity has lost their relevance in the scheme of things.” “Whoever Wike feels like supporting for the 2023 Presidential election is inconsequential as such a candidate should forget about the elections because Wike has proved himself a very bad marketer and will only bequeath gross misfortunes on such a contestant.”