The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) House of Representatives candidate for Ekiti Central Federal Constituency 2, Lere Olayinka, has described as callous and unfortunate, the shooting of a teenager in Ikoro Ekiti State. The teenager was allegedly shot by security men in the campaign train of the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Biodun Omoleye. Olayinka, who called for a thorough investigation into the shooting, sympathised with the victim’s family. He said it was pathetic that someone standing for election to represent the constituency could be seen actively promoting violence to disrupt the peace of Ikoro Ekiti. He described the attack as a ploy to instil fear in the minds of the people ahead of the elections, declaring that “whether he (Omoleye) likes it or not, he will face that referendum on how his positions as Chairman of Ijero Local Government, Special Adviser on Governor’s Office and Chief of Staff to the Governor benefitted the people of even his Ijurin Ekiti hometown.” He said only callous people with no value for human life will go about shooting their own people. “One is not surprised at what happened in Ikoro Ekiti yesterday, because someone like Omoleye, who on October 24, 2020, sent gunmen after his own kinsman and destroyed his hotel in Ado Ekiti will not think about humanity before ordering the shooting of other people’s children. “His records of violence and bloodletting in Ekiti is there for everyone to see. From the killing of three persons, including a policewoman during a bye-election for the Ekiti East constituency (I) seat in the State House of Assembly to the invasion of Hon Dayo Akinleye (Dayo Maxima) Hotel in Ado Ekiti on October 24, 2020, Biodun Omoleye is always followed by blood stains everywhere he goes. “My appeal is to law enforcement agencies to thoroughly investigate the incident, bring the culprits to book and beef security across the state. “I also urge the people of Ikoro Ekiti to remain calm and law-abiding, hoping that justice will be served accordingly.”