Reactions have continued to trail the lingering fuel crisis across the nation as Nigerians struggle to get fuel at exorbitant rates. With no end in sight to the crisis, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) House of Representatives candidate in Abeokuta South, Ogun State, Toyin Amuzu expressed worries over the fate of Nigerians under the watch of the present government. DAILY POST had earlier reported that residents of Ogun State are currently battling fuel scarcity, even when some filling stations sell the product at about N350 per litre. There are long queues in the few filling stations where petrol is being sold within Abeokuta metropolis, while many stations are under lock and key. Reacting on Saturday, Amuzu warned Nigerians that another vote for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) would spell doom for all and sundry. Amuzu advised Nigerians to do away with the APC “to save the country and forestall another round of suffering, insecurity, greed, incompetence and bad economy.” Amuzu, who spoke during his tour of polling units across Abeokuta South Local Government, decried the fuel price hike and scarcity, including its attendant effects on the masses. “Without mincing words, the ruling party is highly incompetent and so confused about how to govern the nation. This is why they have not been able to provide solutions to our challenges. They are overwhelmed and have no solution, yet they want to retain power by force,” he said. He said the insecurity of the nation is getting worse, the economy is going down, poverty is on the increase and feeding is now a major problem. The candidate maintained that the statement credited to APC’s, Bola Tinubu, that the Federal Government was sabotaging his chances had lent credence to the confusion in the APC. He expressed surprise that the ruling government appears unconcerned with the plight of Nigerians, saying “remaining in power to the detriment of the people is their major priority.” “If those in government are honourable enough and they love this nation, they would have surrendered to allow for others to rework Nigeria. But if they won’t step down, we must ensure we chase them away with our votes if we don’t want to continue this hardship. Another four years of governance in their hands will cause us more pains and agony.” “It is either our people are struggling to get fuel, or they are struggling to get new naira notes. Worse still, getting a Permanent Voter card is another trouble, but we must not be deterred. We must be resolute to vote them out.”