A former attorney-general in Oyo State, Michael Folorunso Lana has declared that the Social Democratic Party (SDP) will form the next government in the state. Lana who is the gubernatorial candidate of the party revealed that the party will form the next government in May this year. He noted that this would be realised after the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been defeated in the March 11 gubernatorial election by his party (SDP). The SDP candidate made these declarations on Tuesday in Ibadan, the state capital. The former attorney-general spoke while addressing thousands of supporters of the party who converged at the frontage of ancient Mapo in Ibadan, after a rally that spread across some parts of Ibadan. The rally which started in the morning at the Ojoo area of Ibadan was attended by the Vice Presidential candidate of the party, Mr. Yusuf Buhari and the South-West Chairman of the party, Chief Alani Silas. Others are the state Chairman, Michael Okunlade and deputy gubernatorial candidate, Abdul Rahman Aloyinlapa. Lana while speaking, alleged the present administration in the state has disappointed the electorate. He, however, said the party would defeat the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and other political parties during the 2023 elections. He added that the party would form the next government in the state in May 2023 after all the political parties have been defeated in the election. The former attorney-general while speaking further, warned that the state cannot afford another four years under governor Seyi Makinde. He alleged that the current governor of the state, Seyi Makinde, has moved the state backwards. The SDP candidate used the avenue to charge the people of the state to guard their PVCs. He enjoined the electorate not to be swayed by desperate politicians. Lana while addressing the party supporters, further alleged that desperate politicians are out to deceive the people. Lana said, “I have no doubt in my mind that our party, the SDP would coast home to victory in Oyo State during the elections as the people are eagerly waiting to send the present government of Governor Seyi Makinde packing from the Agodi Government House as it has not only to disappoint the people by succeeding in moving the state backwards”.