With less than 20 games left to conclude the 2022/23 Premier League season, DAILY POST takes a look at fans’ opinions on teams in a solid position to win the English top-flight league this term. Arsenal are currently on top of the Premier League table with eight points ahead of second-position, Manchester City. The Gunners have played 18 matches out of the 38 Premier League games in a season. They have won 15 games, drew two and lost one of their last 18 league matches. Mikel Arteta’s side currently have 47 points on the log. The only match Arsenal lost so far this season was against Manchester United last September at Old Trafford. Arsenal will face Man United in the reverse fixture at Emirates Stadium on Sunday evening. The North London club over the weekend defeated their rival, Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 to consolidate their position in the Premier League table. DAILY POST reports that following Arsenal’s win against Antonio Conte’s side, some fans on Twitter feel Arsenal will win the title this season after going eight points clear on the log, while others believe Pep Guardiola’s side will win it, and some expressed their doubt. @GaryLineker, “Arsenal will win the Premier League title this year.” @ROBINHOOD_PARTY, “I think @ErlingHaaland team will upset the @Arsenal party and @ManCity will win the Premier League.” @mcfcger81, “No, but I don’t think City will win it either, not looking anywhere near like Title material!!” @rbro84, “Too early to say, but we’ve given ourselves a tiny cushion of points, they can disappear very quickly, especially with United’s current form, but all we can do is play our game and let everybody else worry about theirs.” @Bruno30045355, “Depends on the result next Sunday, especially with United having the chance to reduce the lead till 6 with the game against Palace on Wednesday.” @Rookmeister, “Yes. City, United, and Newcastle will all take points off each other and have/ will slip up.” @AlecSharp81, “I think they will. It feels like that Leicester year for me in the sense that everyone expected them to slip up, but it never happened and it’s been the same with Arsenal (although it is a lot less unexpected than LCFC). They will get over the line, I’m sure.” @MMZavadil, “With no more major injuries yes. But the depth isn’t there, so one or two key players getting injured, it might be a different story.” @MercifulGamer, “I’ve put Yes, but I still see City maybe nicking it. If we beat them on the 15th, I’ll believe. But the fact is NOBODY is giving us credit for what we are doing. Yourself included. You said we’d never get better than 4th and look at what we are doing with the youngest squad.” @habsonfloww, “Going through the comments, I can see clearly that some people are still blind to the fact that City are not that superb this season. Yes, they have Haaland, but this city side is struggling. The only team that can stop Arsenal from winning is Arsenal.” @VipArsenal, “When times get tough in the title race, you need your goalkeeper to step up. And he did. Aaron Ramsdale today.” @piersmorgan, “FT: 0-2. Brilliant win by Arsenal away to the old enemy. We go 8pts clear at the top of the League. Bring on Utd next week. Love this team.”