Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Federal Government has said it will soon meet with operators in the midstream and downstream oil sector as part of measures towards developing strategic stock for Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, in key locations across the country to end the scarcity. The Executive Director, Distribution Systems, Storage and Retailing Infrastructure, Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority, Ogbugo Ukoha stated this on Tuesday. 2. Presidential candidate of Labour Party (LP), Mr. Peter Obi, yesterday, said his campaign team was attacked in Katsina State during the Monday rally. In a statement issued on his behalf, Diran Onifade, Head of Media, Obi/Datti Presidential Campaign Council, said that the attack on Obi and his campaign team is condemnable. 3. Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele, has said the CBN will not extend the January 31 deadline for the old naira notes. Speaking at the post-Monetary Policy Committee briefing of the bank in Abuja on Tuesday, Emefiele said, “I don’t have good news for those who want the deadline of old naira to be changed because we will not move it”. 4. Members of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, have voted to increase the interest rate from 16.5 per cent to 17.5 per cent. The committee noted that the increase was aimed at fighting inflation aggressively. 5. The House of Representatives has asked the Central Bank of Nigeria to extend the deadline for acceptance of the old naira notes by 6 months. The House also resolved to invite some Managing Directors of some banks and the CBN to brief the leadership of the House on the availability of the notes. 6. Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has urged the ex-minister of State for Steel and Mines Development, Dr. Uche Ogah, to stop all court cases he filed over the Abia State governorship primaries and come and meet him to talk over the matter. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, officially commissioned the first phase of the Lagos Blue Line Rail system from the Marina-Mile-2 axis of the State. Buhari, who had earlier unveiled the John Randle Centre for Yoruba Culture and History, Onian, in Lagos, was accompanied by his host, Lagos State Governor, Bababjide Sanwo-Olu. 8. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has vowed to render key politicians in Imo State politically irrelevant. IPOB claimed that the politicians were behind the killings, destruction of properties, and insecurity in the State. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, said the politicians contributed to the pains of residents. 9. The Police Service Commission (PSC) has said there would be no extension for officers due for retirements. The commission, therefore, ordered Deputy Inspector Generals (DIGs), AIGs, CPs and others due for retirement to go. 10. The family of a young woman in Gbako LGA of Niger State has asked the family of her suitor to take back the old N1,000 and N500 notes they gave as bride price. It was gathered that the family of the suitor took an undisclosed amount to the family of the woman as bride price and money for other items in preparation for the wedding.