Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State at the Michael Okpara Square, Enugu, on Sunday, participated in the activities marking this year’s Armed Forces Remembrance Day (AFRD), assuring wives of fallen heroes in the state that his administration shares their pains. Governor Ugwuanyi, on arrival, observed and inspected the parade mounted by the military, laid the Remembrance Wreath at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier and released the pigeons symbolising peace in honour of the fallen heroes. Immediately after the activities marking the AFRD, the governor identified with wives of fallen heroes seated at the event and assured them of the continued prayers and support of the state government towards the wellbeing of their families, amid tears of joy. The Governor announced the donation of cash and food items to each of the 210 wives of the fallen heroes in Enugu State, describing the event as a solemn moment for the state and the country. Governor Ugwuanyi also identified with officers of the military and commended them for the sacrifices they make for the peace and stability of the state, stressing that “the peace we have here in Enugu would have been difficult without you people; we are grateful.” Earlier, prayers were said by Christian and Islamic clerics for the repose of the fallen heroes’ souls and the wellbeing of their families after a minute silence was observed in honour of the departed military personnel. Prayers were equally offered for the peace, security and progress of Enugu State and Nigeria; for God’s guidance and protection upon all those in leadership positions in the country including President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor Ugwuanyi and other governors, and the Service Chiefs; as well as for peaceful general election and successful transition in 2023. The laying of wreaths were also performed by the General Officer Commanding (GOC) 82 Division of the Nigeria Army, Major General Umar Musa, represented by the Garrison Commander, Brigadier General M.K Ibrahim; the Air Officer Commanding (AOC) Ground Training Command, Nigerian Air Force, Enugu, Air Vice Marshal S. Olatunde; the Speaker of Enugu State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Edward Ubosi; the Chief Judge of the State, Hon. Justice Afojulu Raymond Ozoemena; the Commissioner of Police, Enugu State Command, CP Ahmed Ammani; the Chairman of Nigerian Legion, Enugu State Council, Asst. Cmdt. General Emeka Norman Igwesi; the Chairman of Enugu State Council of Traditional Rulers, HRM Igwe Amb. Lawrence Agubuzu, and representative of wives of fallen heroes, Mrs. Gracious Moses. The President, Customary Court of Appeal, Enugu State, Hon. Justice George Chibueze Nnamani; the lawmaker representing Enugu East/Isi-Uzo Federal Constituency, Hon. Prince Cornelius Nnaji; the Deputy Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Hon. Uche Ugwu; other members of the state parliament; representative of the State Director, Department of State Services (DSS); other Heads of Security Agencies in the state; the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Simon Uchenna Ortuanya; the Deputy Chief of Staff, Government House, Enugu, Prof. Malachy Okwueze; the State Head of Service, Ken Chukwuegbo; other members of the State Executive Council (EXCO), Special Advisers to the Governor; Council Chairmen; Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev. Emmanuel Edeh; Judges of the State Judiciary; Senior Military Officers; and members of the Nigerian Legion, Enugu State Council, attended the colourful and memorable event.