Ekiti State governor, Mr Biodun Oyebanji, has appealed to medical workers in the state, to accept government’s offer’s to them and urging them not to disrupt the services they render to the people. The governor disclosed that government agreed to some of the terms they presented which would be communicated to them soon. Governor Oyebanji, made the remarks while giving an account of his stewardship in 100 days in office at the Obafemi Awolowo Civil and Convention Centre, in Ado-Ekiti yesterday. The 100 days milestone tagged, “Keeping Ekiti Working Towards Shared Prosperity,” was attended by traditional rulers, National Assembly members, different stakeholders, political associations, school children, workers, party faithful, government officials and the business community, among others. Governor Oyebanji said his government paid over N300 million for the 2023 WAEC examination fees for students and N600 million counterpart fund to SUBEB for local contractors to be paid in the state and have approved the recruitment of 1,000 teachers into the system. According to him, what government is doing is to make school very attractive for teachers and students and to stop capital flight in Ekiti State. Oyebanji told the crowd: “Our manifesto is anchored on six pillars, which have been carefully designed to position Ekiti State for peace and prosperity despite the challenges of this season.” Promising good welfare for the workers of the state, he said: “I don’t have any excuse for Ekiti people not to perform for this reason – at 26, I was part of the people that fought for the creation of the state. I worked with two governors, Otunba Niyi Adebayo and Dr Kayode Fayemi, that is why, in terms of intense pressure, I am taking my time to see that we do the right thing for Ekiti people.” On gratuity for retired workers, Oyebanji said “it is my desire for them to collect their money when they are still alive,” even as he recently approved the gratuity for some retired judges in the state. Oyebanji added: “I will prioritise your welfare. We will do roads, lights, etc and those [things] that will support productivity and the economy of the state to develop.” Governor Oyebanji promised to launch an innovation grant to reduce youth unemployment in the state, encourage more investors to Ekiti State, and build more markets for the people for market men and women to shun roadside trading in Ekiti, among others.