Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A former National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Prince Uche Secondus, has described as lies allegations by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, that he failed to execute or complete contracts awarded to him.
Secondus said he had never been a contractor and never bid for or collected any contract from the state as alleged by the governor. 2. Fear has gripped residents of the Ipokia community in the Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun State as some yet-to-be-identified ritualists reportedly invaded the community and dug out over 40 skulls from graves. It was gathered that the ritualists usually operate in the middle of the night when natives are sleeping. 3. Four people have reportedly been killed in a road crash that occurred at a junction along Kurum-Bogoro road in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi State. The Caretaker Committee Chairman, Bogoro Local Government Council, Markus Lusa, while reacting to the incident, yesterday, said the accident which involved two motorcycles, occurred on Friday. 4. Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has said the north has no excuse not to support and vote for the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. According to him, Tinubu has made enough sacrifices for democracy and the development of Nigeria, especially his efforts towards supporting the course of northerners, hence, it is time to pay back. 5. Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State on Saturday met with his Rivers counterpart, Nyesom Wike, in Port Harcourt. Emmanuel who was accompanied by his Benue State counterpart, Samuel Ortom, had a closed-door meeting with the Rivers Governor. 6. Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State has sacked the state Commissioner for Religious Affairs, Dr Muhammad Tahar Adam, popularly known as “Baba Impossible”. The state Commissioner for information and Internal Affairs, Malam Muhammad Garba who disclosed the development said Adam was running the office as a personal affair. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has urged all Nigerians to enter the New Year with new hope and see it as a period to move forward as a nation towards unity, progress and prosperity. He stated this in his new year message released yesterday. 8. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has said he and his allies in the G-5 group are not playing God as to determine who becomes the next president of Nigeria. Wike stated this yesterday while reacting to a declaration by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa that God would determine the next president of Nigeria and not the G-5 governors. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with Pope Francis, the Catholic Church in Nigeria and around the world, as well as all Christian faithful who mourn the passing of Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI. Pope Emeritus, Benedict XVI, died Saturday morning at 9:34am. 10. Presidential Candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has denied reports that he held a secret meeting with five estranged governors of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party PDP in London. Tinubu in a statement by his Media Office signed by Tunde Rahman said he decided to spend some time in London to rest before going to Saudi Arabia for the lesser hajj.