Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Prof Mahmood Yakubu has raised the alarm that the forthcoming elections risk cancellation or postponement if there is no improvement in the security challenges being witnessed across the country. He noted that the forthcoming elections face a serious threat of cancellation should the security situation across the country fail to improve. 2. Six victims of Saturday’s train attack in the Igueben area of Edo State have been rescued. They were part of the thirty-one persons who were abducted when gunmen attacked a train station in Igueben, Igueben Local Government Area of the State. The victims were said to be waiting to board a train heading to Warri in Delta State. 3. A former Governor of Adamawa State, Senator Jibrilla Bindow has decamped from the All Progressives Congress, APC, to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and is now backing Governor Umaru Fintiri’s re-election bid. The former governor revealed this to Governor Fintiri through a delegation of 250 leaders of his support groups. 4 The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar, has arrived in London to honour the invitation of the British Government. Atiku will engage with various government organs. He is also scheduled to meet with the Archbishop of Canterbury, and equally attend other programs. 5 Former Tottenham and Real Madrid star, Gareth Bale has announced his retirement from club and international football. Bale retired at the age of 33 after leading Wales to the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. 6. Also in another news, Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris announced his retirement from international football. The 2018 World Cup and 2022 finalist announced his retirement from international football on Monday. The goalkeeper said it was time to hand over to the younger one to carry on. 7. The Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi said those pushing the narrative that he was stingy were those who feel threatened by his commitment to enforce fiscal discipline in the use of public funds. Obi said this while speaking as a special guest in a programme at the Human Rights Radio, popularly called Berekete Radio, in Abuja, on Monday. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday returned to the rostrum as he stormed Yola, the Adamawa State capital, to canvass for votes for the party’s presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and other candidates of the party ahead of the February and March, 2023 election. The president also used the opportunity to advise the people of the State to make history by voting Senator Aisha Dahiru Ahmed-Binani as the first female governor in Nigeria during the governorship election in March 2023. 9. The Presidential Candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, Rabiu Kwankwaso unveiled the party’s presidential campaign council on Monday.
Kwankwaso said the NNPP is working round the clock to kick-start a campaign towards a new Nigeria that will take off May 29, 2023. 10. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi on Monday took his campaign to Delta State, saying the sufferings of Nigerians presently do not know religion, region or tribe. Addressing his supporters at Asaba, the Delta State capital, Obi said the Obi-Datti combination was the best and most reliable ticket to unite and secure the country.