The frequency of fire outbreaks in Ibadan, Oyo State is becoming a source of worry. DAILY POST reports that in no long period, residents, especially traders have lost fortunes to strange fire outbreaks. The latest is the fire incident at the popular Araromi spare parts market in Ibadan, which has left victims in shock.  A section of the market was on Saturday, 14th January, 2023, gutted by fire. This is not the first time a section of the market will experience a fire incident. According to residents, it has become a regular occurrence. In the latest incident, some of the items lost included machines, spare parts and household items.  DAILY POST correspondent who visited the market on Monday gathered that about thirty shops were affected, with property worth over N50m estimated to have been destroyed. Apart from this incident, in April 2021, a section of Araromi market was gutted by fire. Also, traders had their property gutted by fire in December 2022 at a market in Apata area of Ibadan. The incident occurred after a fully loaded tanker lost control in the Apata area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on 15th December, 2022. In another incident, no fewer than ten (10) people sustained various degrees of injuries after a petrol tanker lost control and burs into flames in Ogbomoso on January 1st this year.  Traders recount ordeal, seek support As of the time of this report, the victims of the various incidents are still in shock, looking out for succour. Some of the affected traders at Araromi market in Ibadan recounted their ordeal during a chat with DAILY POST. Mrs. Obedat Ojulari narrated that it was the first time she was losing such an amount of money. She told DAILY POST that she has lost goods worth over N2 million to the fire incident. “My name is Obedat Ojulari, I am an iron scrap dealer at this market. My shop was affected. My goods worth N2 million were razed by the fire. Many people were affected here. Many things were destroyed. Furniture, welders and tyre dealers. “A furniture dealer lost over N10m to the fire incident, the welders also lost their machines; the tyre dealers were also affected. “But, we are yet to see any support from anyone. About 30 shops were affected. We beg the government and other well to do individuals to come to our rescue”. Yetunde Ibikunle, an ice block and sachet water seller revealed that she lost over N5m as a result of the fire outbreak. She called on the government to assist the affected traders. “My name is Yetunde Ibikunle. I am one of the affected traders. I want the government to come to our rescue. My property is worth over N5m. “I sell sachet water, soft drinks and ice blocks. I have an ice block machine, generator and other equipment. The worth of the things destroyed here in this market is over N100m. We have 25 to 30 traders that were affected here. We want the government to help us,” she said. Another trader, Tolulope Akinloye, who sells spare parts also called on the government to come to their rescue. He said, “I have a shop here. I sell motor spare parts. The worth of my property is N10m. I want the government to come to our rescue”. Fire service, NEMA speak General Manager of the State Fire Service, Reverend Canon Yemi Akinyinka, while speaking with DAILY POST, said that men of the command were able to put a stop to the fire around 5 a.m. on Saturday. Akinyinka, in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST said, “The fire was suppressed at about 5:00 am. “Cooling down operation is ongoing to suppress reignition. On my way for on the spot assessment. “I cannot say specifically the number of shops now, you know it is an emergency. It started in the night. About 45 shops”. Zonal Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) Mr. Saheed Akiode also confirmed the incident. Expert proffers solutions In a search for a solution, the National Focal Point (Nigeria), Global Network of CSOs on Disaster Reduction (GNDR) (UK), Mr. Kolawole Amusat-Gbenla, called for a risk management review of the market to avoid future occurrences. Amusat-Gbenla, who spoke to DAILY POST, also enjoined the market leaders to build the capacity of night guards on preventive strategies. He added that the market is big enough to have its own mini fire service station. “I will start by saying the market requires a serious rearrangement if they will remain there because efforts by previous governments, including Governor Abiola Ajimobi’s government to relocate them has not yielded positive results over the years. “The planning and allocation of shops remain poor and which is one of the reasons fire disasters will keep reoccurring. “There are shops where they use naked fire, so there is the need to do proper fire risk management review in the Araromi market. “The cause of the last Araromi market fire disaster according to multiple sources in the market was as a result of people burning cables to extract copper wires; this act should be discouraged and this is where the market management committees have to seriously intervene with strict rules and regulations to discourage such acts. “Apart from such immediate causes, there are other remote factors to be addressed. “Most fire disasters in this same market and many other markets around the State have occurred in the night, so night guards’ capacities should be built on preventive strategies. “Lastly, Araromi market is big enough to own a mini fire service van if not a mini fire service station. This is a market where multiple millions in naira exchange hands daily, and each time a fire disaster occurs, losses are in that tune too,” he noted.