Ahead of the forthcoming 2023 general elections, the Delta South Senatorial Candidate of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, Commodore Omatseye Nesiama has promised to ensure traditional rulers are well positioned constitutionally. Nesiama made the promise at the palace of the Odiologbo of Owhelogbo Kingdom, HRM Romanus Ejirememe Inana when he paid a consultative visit to Isoko traditional rulers and members of the “Obidient Group” in Isoko. Commodore Nesiama sought the blessings of the Isoko traditional rulers for his senatorial ambition, promising not to disappoint them when he becomes the senator. Commodore Nesiama explained that if the traditional rulers are well positioned most problems in the community will be solved. He stressed, “I am saying this not because I am here but when I get there, I will ensure royal fathers are well positioned. “When there’s a problem, politicians, political leaders run to our royal fathers. After the problem is solved, politicians and political leaders run away from them. “I have retired once. I am not tired of retirement. As soon as I get someone capable of taking over from me, am going to retire. Am not going to be Methuselah in the Senate/ politics. “Accountability is being able to state what you want to do for the people. But most of our politicians don’t do that because they know they will be called upon if they fail to do what they promised.” The Odiologbo of Owhelogbo Kingdom, HRM Romanus Ejirememe Inana who spoke on behalf of the Isoko traditional rulers at the meeting promised to produce the Omatseye Nesiama manifesto and circulate it among the people. The revered monarch said, “we pray that God will continue to protect us. When you present to us what you have to offer, we believe it can be done. Before now, we used to believe that it’s only two parties that we have or that are in existence. “But now, someone like you has come. What the traditional rulers is asking for all over the country is constitutional recognition. “Giving instance that before the colonial masters, traditional institutions are the ones ruling. But since the colonial masters came, they abolished traditional institutions. “We are promising you to produce more copies of the Omatseye manifesto and circulate it all over. That is the only assistance we can give you for now. As traditional rulers, we are not to say anything but we will pray for you and bless you.” Meanwhile, supporters of the Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr. Peter Obi under the auspices of the “Obidient Group” said the Delta South Senatorial Candidate of the New Nigerian People’s Party, NNPP, Commodore Omatseye Nesiama Rtd is their Senatorial Candidate in Delta South Senatorial district. Labour Party Ward Chairman in Iyede Ward ll, Mr. Akpos Okere made the declaration on behalf of the group He said, “We are the labour party and we have agreed to work for you as the senator of Delta South. We don’t have any senatorial candidates. It’s now a coalition.” The Vice Chairman of the Labour Party in Iyede Ward ll, Mr. Ibodhe Lucky noted that a good leader is someone that knows the needs of his people. You have come just as we have been asking and looking forward to. Today we have seen you and we will all work for you to be there. “So, we are going to stand for you and work with you for remembering us in Delta South.” NNPP Coordinator in Owhelogbo Ward 5, Mr. Otieno Joseph Moses said they voted for the old party in times past. “But what are we seeing? We vote for old parties, what have we gotten? We vote for old politicians but all we got is nothing but havoc, wickedness, punishment, pain and hardship. They promised us change but what we are getting now is evil. Now we have to vote for a new person to change the narrative.