The gubernatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ebonyi State, Mr Ifeanyi Chukwuma Odii, has insisted that the votes of Ebonyi people must count in the forthcoming general election and that PDP will take over governance of the state. Odii made this known while speaking with newsmen, shortly after hosting his teeming supporters, as well, as the inauguration of over 10,000 election canvassers, which took place at the residents of his running mate, Sen. Igwe Nwagu at Oriuzor community in Ezza North LGA of the state. Odii, who was coronated by the traditional rulers of Oriuzor community, as the ‘”Oke Osisi I of Ebonyi” denied sponsorship by the Ebonyi State governor David Umahi. He said: “I’m from Ebonyi South senatorial zone and I’m not denying it, but I’m not contesting for the governorship to be governor of Ebonyi South senatorial zone. “I’m contesting to be a governor of Ebonyi State because I’m a true son of Ebonyi State. If you check very well, when I was doing my humanitarian work, there is no local government area you go that you will not see my footprint there. “I wasn’t doing that because I’m from Ebonyi South, and I never knew that I will be contesting for governorship, and by the Grace of God, I will be governor of Ebonyi State. “What Ebonyi people need is a leader that will lead them out of poverty and suffering. I have the capacity to do that, but even if it is not me, I will support any other person. We shouldn’t be talking about zoning or no zoning. “Umahi is campaigning against me, before now, people were saying that he was the one fronting me to be governor. I came out on my own to contest for governor because God asked me to run. I’m running for governorship because of the love I have for Ebonyi people. Speaking on the ban on campaigns in public schools, markets and streets by Ebonyi State governor David Umahi, he said: “PDP is gaining momentum in every part of Ebonyi state. “Nigeria has grown beyond that level, with social media, we can reach over 10 million people in a day. By the time we start our campaigns, you will see the way, we will reach out to people of the state. “We are coming with lots of innovations. When we will start our campaigns you will see a great difference. If Umahi likes, let him even say that we should not come out, but on the day of the election, the people’s votes must count and that’s what matters,” he stressed.