Popular Nigerian fashion designer, Olorunyomi Omoniyi Makun, professionally known as Yomi Casual, has reacted to allegations that he is a homosexual. Taking to his Instagram page to call out those spreading the rumours, Yomi in a lengthy note containing many curses, said he would wish for his own death if the allegations were true. “It is always easy for family and friends to reach out and say, ignore them. Silence is golden. They will get tired and move on to the next person. But I’m the one wearing the shoes, and I’m the one feeling all the damages and pains to my reputation as a husband, father and businessman.” While stating that he has never nursed the idea of being gay and will never do so, Yomi cursed himself, saying he should face grave consequences if he ever nursed the idea of being gay. “Coming out of church today and having reflected on all the lies against me, I want to say I am not too good a Christian who would turn and take a slap on the other cheek. Enough is enough. Should I Omoniyi, Olorunyomi Makun be gay or nurse any idea of sleeping with a fellow man, may death take me before my time, and may everything that God has blessed me with be taken away from me. May failure become my portion in everything that concerns me till death.” “On the other hand, if these are fabrications borne out of jealousy, envy, insecurities, or wickedness and I pray for God to vindicate me. May those of you who share such lies against me also be entertained by the pain you have brought to my family. Today, I pronounce doom, death, and destruction on anyone who would continue to incite lies to assassinate my character. ”Enough is enough. Note: As you come here to say “no blog mentioned your name, but some of you remembered to tag me or put in a comment with my name in their comment sessions. May you and your entire family suffer from depression and untimely death”, he said. Recall that the fashion designer’s wife, Grace Makun, had last week come out to dare anyone with proof of the gay allegation to come out with it in 24 hours. Also, over the weekend, Comedian Ayo Makun, better known as AY, a senior brother to the fashion designer, noted that those are traits one can never trace to the Makuns family. “It’s all about entertainment for these evil people. They are traits you will NEVER EVER trace to the Makuns’. You already know who you marry, go to bed. As for the bloggers, I still have their tablets. They will use backup accounts again when I strike as usual.”