The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, G-5 governors stormed Enugu State on Friday for the flag-off of the party’s campaign. At the event were Governor of Enugu State and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Enugu North Senatorial District, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike of Rivers State, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State. Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, who is still mourning the late PDP guber candidate for Abia State, Prof. Uche Ikonne was absent. DAILY POST reports that the Michael Okpara Square, Enugu, venue of the event was filled to capacity. The G5 governors also endorsed the senatorial ambition of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi who is contesting for senatorial election to represent Enugu North. All the candidates of the party, ranging from House of Representatives, Senate and Governorship were presented with flags of the party. However, former governor of the State and the candidate for Enugu East senatorial zone, Chimaroke Nnamani was the only one that did not receive the party’s flag. His inability to receive the party’s flag might not be unconnected with the suspension order handed down to him by the national leadership of the party last week over his alleged anti-party activities. He was also absent from the occasion. The party’s governorship candidate in the state, Dr Peter Mbah, who responded on behalf of other contestants, lauded Ugwuanyi for ensuring secured environment, quality education, rural development, sustenance of peace and security, stressing that such was responsible for the massive gathering and the rush for investment in the state by investors. “Mindful of the consolidation of these great achievements, we have vowed to grow the economy, provide dividends of democracy and build upon the transformation that Ugwuanyi has brought to take Enugu to the next level. “Since the beginning of the fourth republic, Enugu has remained the hope of PDP. We have carried the PDP banner with great pride and we are poised to continue with it,” he said. Mbah added that the “gathering is to renew the mandate of our great party”, stressing that it was made possible because of the trust the people have on those who have led the state from the PDP. He appreciated the support of the G-5 governors in showing leadership and remaining steadfast in the quest for justice, equity and fairness in the party. Governor Ugwuanyi had also earlier appreciated the people of the State for the support shown to the PDP since 1999 and expressed the hope that they would repeat the same in 2023 for all the candidates of the party. In their various remarks, Governors Makinde, Ortom and Wike had lauded the people for the support shown to Ugwuanyi and the PDP and tasked them to ensure that they delivered their wards and polling units on the election day to the party. Wike had described Ugwuanyi as “a reliable, courageous good man whom you can go to war with your two eyes closed”, stressing that the group would remain supportive of all his activities and would extend the same to the governorship candidate of the party. At the event, a coalition of 12 registered political parties endorsed Mbah and other candidates of the PDP in the 2023 elections, saying they were motivated to do so by the good governance propelled in the State by Ugwuanyi.