The Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, has condemned the killing of people across Southeast states by unknown gunmen. The group made this known in a statement signed by the National Director of Information, MASSOB, Samuel Edeson and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki, the capital of Ebonyi State, in which MASSOB called on prominent leaders of Ndigbo to unite and fight against the continuous killings of innocent citizens. According to him: “It is no longer agitation for Biafran freedom because you cannot be killing your brothers and sisters in the name of Biafra. “It’s evil and an abomination in Igboland for one to kill his own brother or sister because of their different beliefs, even if they don’t believe in Biafra with you, you don’t have to kill them.” The group condemned in totality the killings of people in Awgu, stating: “What happened in Awgu yesterday at the PDP campaign rally was a sacrilege and should be condemned by peace-loving citizens. “Our stand on Biafra agitation remains sacrosanct, but you can’t get Biafra by killing your people because they belong to one political party or the other; you can gain their support through sensitization and not by forcing them to join you. MASSOB stated further: “We wish to make it clear that these killer squads are working against Igbo interest, or have been paid by our enemies to destroy [us]. “They have destroyed the economy of Ndigbo, they have turned South East into war zones, killing people at will. The attack on the innocent citizens of Awgu yesterday and killing unarmed woman [and] inflicted others with injury is clear evidence that they are truly enemies of Ndigbo.” The group further pleaded with the unknown gunmen to have a rethink, if actually, they are working for the actualisation of Biafra. “You cannot be agitating for the freedom of Biafra at the same time killing the same Biafrans,” MASSOB stated. MASSOB also alleged that South East governors have failed the people of the region, claiming, “the governors are shameless, all they know is stealing state’s fund [and] building personal castles while their subjects are being killed.”