The Osun State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has described Friday’s gubernatorial tribunal judgement which upturned the election of Senator Ademola Adeleke of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in favour of Adegboyega Oyetola as the triumph of justice and truth over falsehood. According to the statement from the acting State Chairman of the APC, Tajudeen Lawal, in Osogbo, the victory is an indication that the APC is the dominant political party in the state. Lawal who maintained that he never doubted the victory of Oyetola at the tribunal added that the verdict was a confirmation that the APC gubernatorial candidate did not lose the July 16, 2022 election. The Osun State APC acting chairman observed that the difference in the garnered votes with which Oyetola was declared the winner of the election by the tribunal with a wide margin was enough to prove that the APC candidate won the election conveniently and convincingly. Lawal said: “With the majority judgement that gave Oyetola victory, it further underscored the fact that the court of law is the last hope of the common man as justice was not only served, it was seen to have been glaringly done. “I appreciate the professional expertise of all the lawyers who featured at the tribunal and also laud the support and loyalty of all the APC members throughout the duration of the suit at the tribunal. “I enjoin all the APC members and their supporters to go about their businesses in peace irrespective of provocation from any quarters. “I salute the courage of the party members for their continued belief in the ideals of the party which have been igniting their unalloyed support to date.” He also advised the leadership of the PDP and their candidate to approach the court for an appeal if they feel dissatisfied with the tribunal judgement instead of resorting to self-help which is always counterproductive to the rules of law. Lawal also expressed gratitude to the entire people of the state for their support and prayers throughout the duration of the matter at the tribunal.