A new transport management system which has triple objectives of securing the motor parks, creating thousands of jobs and increasing the state’s internally generated revenue was announced by Governor Ademola Adeleke of Osun State on Monday in Osogbo. Making the announcement via a statement by Olawale Rasheed, his spokesperson, Adeleke described the new transport management model as a fulfilment of his earlier promise to sanitize the current park system. Adeleke had also promised to ensure commuters enjoyed a new lease of safe and secured transportation within the state. Governor Adeleke had also reiterated the need for an overhaul of the state transport system adding that the approved new structure has a supervisory Disciplinary Committee to supervise all the activities of the two sectors in the transport system namely vehicles and cycles. He also revealed that it is a one-ticketing system approach across the state that will create thousands of temporary jobs in the state. The Transport Disciplinary Committee is composed of 11 members including representative of the Commissioner of Works and Transport (Office of Transportation), representative of the Commissioner of Finance, representative of consultant, representative of OIRS and Alhaji Fakorede Rauf. Others on the committee are Barr. Jola Akintola, Chief Olusola Adedokun, Rev. Olaleye Edward Onipede, Mr Bamidele Isiaka, Mr Oyeyemi Dauda Olamilekan and Mr Animashaun Adeshina Taofeek. The governor also disclosed that the Disciplinary Committee will swear in Wakeel Nurudeen Oluronbi for the vehicle sector of the Transport System and Oyeniyi Sikiru Ayobami to head the cycles sector. According to the statement, “It is a one-ticketing system approach across the state and it will create thousands of temporary jobs in the state. The new policy will boost our revenue-generating capacity and help improve our economy.” Adeleke affirmed that with the system in place, insecurity, destruction of properties and killings experienced by commuters as a result of rival union groups attacking each other will be eradicated. “Moving forward, nobody should be caught fighting or causing any kind of unrest in our parks or roads,” the statement explained. Elchanan Projects and Concepts Limited has also been contracted as the consultant that will supervise the overall implementation of the transport sector reform.