An operative of Ebubeagu security outfit, whose name is yet to be identified, allegedly shot dead a colleague, one Ajasm Aja, N1000 from a campaign rally that took place at Isu community in Onicha LGA headquarters of Ebonyi State. It was gathered that Aja was shot dead by his colleague resulting from a controversy that trailed the sharing formula of money given to them during the All Progressives Congress, APC, campaign rally. DAILY POST reports that the late Aja and his assailant were part of the Ebubeagu team drafted to Isu community to provide security at the APC governorship rally in the area. It was gathered that the deceased had an altercation with his trigger-happy colleague over an amount of money, which each, was to get over N1000. As the altercation raged, it was said that Aja rushed for his pump action riffle for aim; but his opponent swiftly pulled his pistol, shot him in the head, and he died on the spot. A reliable source from Isu community, who spoke on the condition of anonymity said, “On Saturday, 28th January 2023, the APC had their rally at Isu, the council headquarters of Onicha LGA. “At the close of the event, the Ebubeagu members and G-24 group members loyal to the Onicha LGA Chairman, Mr Chidiebere Uzor (aka Obosi-Aku), were asked to collect back the party’s flag in readiness for other day’s event. “In the process of doing so, one of the Ebubeagu members and a leader in the G-24 group, popularly known as Ajasm Aja, who was recently sworn in as Supervisory Councillor for Health in the Onicha council area, was engulfed in a strong altercation with a co-member. “As the duo engaged in a war of words, Mr Aja pulled his pump action rifle and aimed to shoot at the other colleague. In a swift response, the colleague was quicker in action, pulled a pistol, and shot him in the forehead. “He fell flat immediately and died on the spot. “This event is coming a few hours after the noble elders of Onicha-Igboeze called ‘”Umunwanyi Oji-Ofo”, laid a curse on anyone who would engage in any activity targeted at instigating violence in Onicha-Igboeze or at killing a fellow brother or sister. “Many, after hearing the news of the incident leading to the sudden demise of Mr Aja, believed that he had fallen to the curse of the Umunwanyi Oji-Ofo since he’s known as one of the terror figures in the community,” the source stressed. When contacted, the Ebubeagu Commander in Ebonyi State, Mr Friday Nnana-Ujor, on Monday, said the attacker wasn’t an operative of the South-East security outfit, revealing the assailant was a suspected gunman, who also wielded pump action, like his own men. He said, “No. it was not an Ebubeagu person that shot him. “That thing was stage-managed; it was people that packed behind a Sienna bus that killed him. The person that did that was sent to do so. “No Ebubeagu operative goes to the rally ground with arms. We had a meeting and made that decision. We are currently investigating the matter and very soon, we will arrest the culprit and call journalists to hear from him. I don’t want people to think that it’s politics. Just exercise some patience,” he stated.