A former Minister of Power and Steel, Elder Wole Oyelese has said he cannot be on the same podium with some governors under the umbrella of G5. Oyelese, who is the grand patron of all support groups of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar in Oyo State, made this disclosure on Saturday. Our correspondent gathered that the G5 governors in the PDP were in Ibadan on Thursday for the flag-off of the re-election campaign for Governor Seyi Makinde. Oyelese explained that as a leader of the PDP who is working for the victory of Atiku in the 2023 presidential election, it would be inexcusable for him to be with G5 governors who have resolved not to work for the success of Atiku. Oyelese said he decided not to attend the flag-off because he has decided not to be in the same podium with the five governors. Oyelese, in a statement made available to DAILY POST said it would not be proper for him to be at such a gathering given the current attitude of the G5 governors to the party and its presidential candidate. He, however, commended chieftains of the party among whom are a former Deputy Governor of the state. Hazeem Gbolarumi, Femi Babalola, Wale Adegoke, Majekodunmi Aborode, Oloye Jumoke Akinjide, Professor Abiodun Rauf, Bola Doherty and Chief Segun Oyewole for the success of the recently held freedom walk for Atiku in Ibadan. He described the march as unprecedented and ascribed the success to all who participated including the support groups and the good people of the state who trooped out in their thousands. Oyelese said, “It is believed that the G5 Governors are still shopping for an alternative presidential candidate who they hope to use to frustrate our aspiration to produce the next President of Nigeria. This unpatriotic dream will, however, not materialise as Atiku’s Presidency is God’s own project”, Elder Oyelese asserted. “Yes, I did not attend Governor Makinde’s re-election flag-off, likewise others who are working for Atiku Abubakar in the state. It is not that I hold anything personal against Governor Makinde but it will still be morally wrong for me to be in a place where G5 governors, who are yet to declare their support for Atiku are being celebrated. “The major task ahead of us at this crucial time is to ensure that we substantially increase the number of votes for Ati­ku in the 2023 election com­pared to the 2019 number of votes we gave him in Oyo State even though he still won. In addition, we plan to deliver Oyo state to Atiku by a landslide. It is our desire that he emerges victorious in the state and Nigeria as a whole to become the next president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria”.