The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said members of the transport unions must subscribe to the oath of neutrality on election day. The Chairman of INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu disclosed this Tuesday at a sensitisation meeting on the implementation of the commission’s Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) and other unions ahead of the forthcoming elections. He said the collaboration with the road transport unions became imperative because the issue of logistics has been a perennial problem in election administration in Nigeria. Yakubu told the Unions that the MOU covered both forward and reverse logistics, stressing that there was an obligation to return the personnel and materials to designated locations after the election. The chairman revealed that the commission was also partnering with the marine Workers Union of Nigeria for efficient maritime transportation. The chairman assured Nigerians that it would engage every national institution for the success of the 2023 general election. He said: “For the 2023 general election, the commission has included the marine Workers Union of Nigeria for efficient maritime transportation. The time has come to stop all excuses and provide effective logistics to ensure hitch-free arrangements for the 2023 general election. “Nigeria should not wait for the arrival of personnel and materials at the polling units. Rather, we should be there waiting for the arrival of voters.
We believe that this is achievable. “I can’t conclude my remarks without reminding you of your obligation to neutrality. The work of INEC requires non-partisanship. Working in partnership with the Commission, you will be required to subscribe to the oath of neutrality and to demonstrate your non-partisanship in the work you do practically on election day.” The chairman noted the Commission was working with the security agencies to ensure the safety of Union members and their vehicles during the elections.