Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Central Bank of Nigeria has ordered Deposit Money Banks not to pay customers making over-the-counter withdrawals of new naira notes. Instead, the apex bank directed the banks to load their Automated Teller Machines with only new notes to ensure that the currency circulates across the nation ahead of the January 30th, 2023 deadline when the old notes will no longer be legal tender. 2. The Kwara State Police Command has arrested one Issa Naigheti for allegedly kidnapping his father and collecting a ransom of N2.5m. Ajayi Okasanmi, a spokesman of the command, said the suspect was arrested around the Kambi area of Ilorin. 3. Governor Babagana Zulum has said Borno State is 90 percent secure and safe ahead of the 2023 general elections. He said this on Friday after a courtesy visit to President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. 4. The Court of Appeal sitting in Sokoto State has set aside the judgement of the Zamfara Federal High Court, barring the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from participating in the forthcoming Governorship election in the state. A Federal High Court in Gusau, Zamfara, had nullified the primary election which produced Dauda Lawal Dare as the gubernatorial candidate of PDP in Zamfara. 5. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar has said his counterpart from the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu lacked the moral standard to reform Yahoo Boys. Reacting to Tinubu’s comment that he would convert Yahoo Boys into technology experts if elected president. 6. Barely 49 days to the 2023 general elections, a group of Civil Society Organisations on Friday, expressed concerns over the reports of missing Permanent Voter Cards, PVCs and the challenge of locating them. The CSOs insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari must be prepared to conduct a free and fair election. 7. Presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Mr Peter Obi yesterday, in a special broadcast on social media asked Nigerian youths and elders alike to endeavour to collect their PVCs, explaining that without it, their hopes for Nigeria may not be actualised. 8. The Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has assured Nigerian youths that they will play key roles in steering the affairs of his administration if he is given the mandate to lead the country. Tinubu specifically promised to make youths in Nigeria job creators and not job seekers, mainly through infrastructural development that would create opportunities for them to explore all the sectors of the economy. 9. The revelation by the Debt Management Office (DMO) that the in-coming administration might likely inherit a debt of N77 trillion by the time President Muhammadu Buhari’s tenure ends in May is a source of worry to some of the main opposition parties in the country. However, amid the concerns, the opposition parties claim they have started mapping out strategies on how they intend to address the challenge if they win the 2023 general elections. 10. The lingering leadership crisis at Darul Hadith mosque of the late Dr Ahmad Ibrahim BUK at Tudun Yola area of Kano State on Friday, affected Jumat prayers. Trouble started when some aggrieved members blocked the path of the new Imam who was about to climb the podium to deliver a sermon and lead the prayer.