The federal lawmaker representing the Enugu East Senatorial District, Chimaroke Nnamani has described his suspension by the Peoples Democratic Party PDP’s National Working Committee, NWC as a rude shock and huge surprise. DAILY POST had reported that the PDP NWC on Friday suspended the former Enugu State governor, Chris Ogbu of Imo State and other party stakeholders in Ekiti State over alleged anti-party activities. It could be recalled that the lawmaker had in August 2022, declared his support for the All Progressive Congress, APC presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, describing the former Lagos governor as “the hardest working politician of this generation”. The Senator who is seeking re-election into the upper chamber expressed determination to work for Tinubu in the February election, ignoring his party’s candidate, Atiku Abubakar. Reacting to his suspension, Chimaroke in a series of tweets on his verified handle on Friday night, lamented that he had no prior notice of any issues with the party, saying he was denied the privilege to explain himself before the suspension. The lawmaker, however, urged his supporters to remain calm while he continues his campaign ahead of the February National Assembly poll. The tweet reads, “I have since been inundated with telephone calls and messages from various persons, seeking my clarification on the matter. “Just like every other person, the decision and announcement of my purported suspension from the PDP came to me as a rude shock and huge surprise. “I was never at any time notified of any petition or complaint against me or informed of the grounds that formed the decision of the NWC of the PDP to suspend me from the party. “My right to fair hearing was consequently violated against the clear provisions of the Constitution of the party, especially in disciplinary proceedings. More importantly the Superior Constitution of the FRN. “I, therefore, appeal to all of you to remain calm and law-abiding, while we continue our campaign to a hopefully victorious conclusion. To God be the glory”.