On Sunday, Manchester United lost 3-2 against Arsenal in a Premier League tie at the Emirates Stadium. Manchester United slipped to its first Premier League defeat since November after Arsenal beat them. Marcus Rashford and Lisandro Martinez scored for the Red Devils, while Eddie Nketiah netted a brace for Arsenal and Bukayo Saka also scored a goal for the host. The result leaves Man United in fourth position on the log with 39 points from 20 games, while Arsenal are on top of the log with 50 points from 19 games. However, DAILY POST reports that three players let Manchester United manager, Erik ten Hag down during the encounter against Arsenal. 1. Aaron Wan-Bissaka – Wan-Bissaka has certainly improved for Man United this term, with Ten Hag admitting as much when asked about the 25-year-old before the match against Arsenal. But Wan-Bissaka was at fault for Nketiah’s first goal against Man United as he was not alert enough to stop the Arsenal striker. The former Crystal Palace defender lost awareness as Nketiah came around the back of him to score a close-range header. The right-back also incurred the wrath of Man United legend Roy Keane after not doing enough to prevent Nketiah’s goal. 2. Christian Eriksen – Eriksen has, without a doubt, been a good signing for Man United since joining the club from Brentford last summer. But the Denmark international was unfairly pitted against Arsenal’s Thomas Partey in the middle of the park, and the Ghanaian international won that battle. Eriksen looked too lightweight when compared to Partey and was also uncharacteristically poor with his own decision-making in the final third. Sunday evening was a day when the Red Devils required some brawn instead of brains. However, it was abundantly clear Man United missed the suspended midfielder Casemiro, who was absent after picking up a fifth yellow card of the campaign against Crystal Palace a few days ago. 3. Antony – On his day, Antony can be outstanding. But it was clear the Brazilian international must work on his decision-making in the final third. His end product frustrated the Man United fans inside the Emirates Stadium throughout the duration of the game. Antony was lucky to start over youngster Alejandro Garnacho for the second game in a row. Despite being just 18, Garnacho is already levels ahead of Antony when it comes to that area of his game. Man United knew Antony was struggling, which is why, in the second half, Ten Hag opted to take him off. Antony looked frustrated as he made his way towards the bench. The former Ajax star will have to do better if he is to remain a regular starter under Ten Hag this season.