Business owners in Cross River State lamented the steady decline of economic growth in the state, saying they have suffered greater losses owing to government’s policies and lack of attention in recent times. They aired their complaints at the Calabar Business and Community Initiative Town Hall Meeting held with the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Explaining the rationale for the event, the coordinator of the Calabar business community, Dr Francis Effiom said: “We thought it necessary at this point that beyond the rallies by political parties, we, the businessmen, should be able to interface and interact with the candidates so that our input will matter in the policy direction of the incoming administration. That is what informed the Town Hall Meeting.” Speaking on behalf of the Calabar Chamber of Commerce, Mr Ken Asim decried the unfavourable business environment in the state, despite that the MSMEs employ over 86 per cent of the state’s labour force. He said: “Our business environment has continued to nosedive; between 2014 and 2021, there has been [a] backward slide in the business environment.” Speaking, too, on behalf of the Association of Non-Bank Micro-Finance Association, Theodore Ebuta lauded the event as first-of-its-kind to have governorship candidates interface with the business sector. “Governments, over time, have rolled out intervention funds for those in this sector and several times politicians used the funds for their cronies, loyalists, political sons and daughters and at the end of it, those in this sector which the fund was meant for end up benefitting nothing,” he lamented. Chief Effiong Ewa Ebani, who spoke on behalf of the Timber Dealers Association, alleged that the Cross River State Forestry Commission is negligent. “Today, for those of us who come from villages, we heard that timber is banned, yet our forests are being destroyed. The Forestry Commission has failed to live up to its responsibilities,” he alleged. He further pleaded with the PDP candidate to come to the aid of landlords of forest communities to rescue the forest from extinction, if he wins the coming election. The deputy governorship candidate, Lady Emana-Duke Ambrose Amawhe, who spoke on behalf of the PDP governorship candidate, Sandy Onor, decried the lack of political will by the incumbent government to implement its own policies which according to her was the reason for the dwindling fortune of small scale businesses in the state. She assured the community of a favourable business environment, saying: “The Senator Sandy Onor’s administration which I would be deputizing by God’s grace is willing and has the political will to implement policies that would be favourable to the business community in the state.”