The Ogun State chapter of the Action Alliance, AA, has unveiled Samuel Adeyemi as its governorship candidate. Adeyemi, Ijebu Igbo-born medical doctor, is the first governorship candidate of the party in Ogun State, having emerged through a consensus arrangement. Speaking at a press conference in Abeokuta, Adeyemi revealed how he was lured by some prominent political parties with millions of naira to form a merger. While saying he rejected over N250 million from an undisclosed party, Adeyemi said the AA is the main third force in Ogun politics. The AA candidate vowed to fight corruption to a standstill if he is elected into office. To achieve this, he said he would set up the Ogun State-owned anti-graft agency like the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. According to him, the anti-graft agency would not be set up to probe his predecessors or their appointees, but to rid his administration and the state of corrupt practices going forward. Adeyemi said he would warn his appointees, civil/public servants and those in the private sector to eschew corrupt practices, or else they will have the Ogun EFCC to deal with. Addressing newsmen in Abeokuta ahead of the commencement of the party’s campaign, Adeyemi stated that AA is “committed to the emancipation of the suffering masses” by taking over the state in the 2023 elections. While boasting that he would be the next governor on May 29, the candidate pledged to abide by the rule of law, respect the fundamental human rights of citizens and ensure the security of lives and properties. “Our vision is to turn Ogun State into the most secured state in Nigeria, the best economy and the most productive centre of industrial activity in Africa,” he said. In his campaign promises, Adeyemi maintained that education shall be free up to first degree with terms and conditions applied. He also assured that health care shall be free for pregnant mothers and school children up to 18 years while promising to set up small and medium industrial concerns to offer employment. He maintained that Ogun workers, pensioners, students, youths, artisans, traders, transporters and the physically challenged would not regret voting for the Action Alliance. The entrepreneur said he would complete the two ongoing airports in Ogun State and “put a rail infrastructure to connect them to the various parts of the state, using all manners of funding combinations available.” He further declared that the party is contesting all 40 positions in Ogun during the 2023 elections, saying “we have structure and agents in all the 236 wards.” Said he: “We beckon to the populace to cast their votes for us in the forthcoming elections to ensure integrity, transparency and honesty in the handling of the affairs of the state.”