Arsenal will, on Sunday evening, host Manchester United in the Premier League match-day 21 tie at Emirates Stadium. Arsenal head to the game after beating Tottenham Hotspur 2-0 in their previous Premier League encounter last Sunday, while Man United drew with Crystal Palace. The Gunners will be seeking revenge on the only team (Man United) to have beaten them in the Premier League this season. Mikel Arteta’s men can open up an 11-point gap over Man United with victory at Emirates, while Erik ten Hag’s side endeavours to stay within touching distance of Manchester City. Arsenal currently tops the Premier League table with 47 points from 18 matches, whereas Man United are in the fourth position with 39 points from 19 matches. Arsenal’s team news:
Gabriel Jesus is still facing several weeks out with a knee injury. Reiss Nelson is also unlikely to be back from a hamstring issue in time for Arsenal’s tie with Man United. The likes of Cedric Soares and Mohamed Elneny will both need assessing after picking up knocks. Arsenal’s latest signing, Leandro Trossard, will hope to feature against the Red Devils, having been registered by Arsenal before 12 pm on Friday. Arsenal are “hopeful” that the Belgian can make his debut against Man United. Arsenal’s probable starting XI:
Ramsdale White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko, Xhaka, Partey, Martinelli, Nketiah, Saka and Odegaard. Man United’s team news:
Man United will be without Casemiro for the Arsenal clash after the Brazilian was suspended for picking up his fifth yellow card of the season. Fred should therefore come in to partner Christian Eriksen in the middle in Casemiro’s absence, while Jadon Sancho has returned to training following an individual programme but is unlikely to be considered for a start just yet. Man United will also be without Diogo Dalot and Anthony Martial as the pair will also need assessing, while Donny van de Beek and Axel Tuanzebe remain out. Jack Butland will be back on the bench after being unable to face his parent club. Man United’s probable starting XI:
De Gea; Wan-Bissaka, Martinez, Varane, Shaw, Eriksen, Fred, Weghorst, Antony, Fernandes and Rashford. Prediction: DAILY POST predicts that Arsenal will play a draw against Man United. The match will end 1-1. The kick-off time for Arsenal vs Man United is 5:30 pm.