As countdown to the 2023 general election begins, a former Enugu North Senatorial District aspirant, Chief Chinedu Eya has taken the campaign for Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s election to transport unions. Ugwuanyi, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, is in the race to represent the people of Enugu North Senatorial zone. Eya had earlier declined from joining the race this time, declaring that Governor Ugwuanyi is fit and proper to occupy the seat. Speaking during his meeting with leaders of Tricycle and Motorcycle Riders Association in Igboeze South and Udenu LGAs of Enugu State, Eya urged them to mobilize adequately for Ugwuanyi’s election. He also met with leaders of Nsukka Zonal Amalgamated Traders Association (NZATA), heads of Mechanics and Brick layers, as well as all market heads in the two LGAs, during a two-day Town Hall meeting. He spoke to the leadership of the various groups on why the Governor deserves their support ahead of his senatorial election in February. “Beyond the Governor coming from our zone, he has surpassed our expectations in virtually every aspect of governance,” Eya said. In his response, Mr. Okonkwo Hilary, who is the chairman of Okada Riders Association in igboeze South LGA, stated that “the governor’s achievements in the zone speaks volume of his love for the district. “We have never interacted with an Executive governor before. “But this governor has been interfacing with us. He has been taking care of our welfare since 2015. “So we will reward him with our support.” Similarly, Mr. Ikechukwu Samuel, who is chairman of Tricycle Riders Association in Igboeze South LGA, also assured of his group’s support for the senatorial bid of the governor, while recounting how the governor has carried out massive road constructions in the area. “There is no more an impassable road in our LGA. The governor did it. So we will reward him with our support,” Ikechukwu noted. The Chairman of Nsukka Zonal Amalgamated Traders Association (NZATA), Hon. Dominic Ezema, who also spoke during the session, declared his group’s support for the governor, while stating that the election would provide an opportunity for his association to reward the good gestures of Governor Ugwuanyi towards the group. “We are for the Governor,” he concluded The town hall meeting, which is scheduled to take place in the six LGAs of the senatorial zone, will continue in the four remaining LGAs of Enugu North Senatorial district.