Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Former governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, former governorship candidate, Bisi Kolawole, acting PDP State Chairman, Lanre Omolase, seven of the nine PDP National Assembly candidates and 20 of 26 House of Assembly candidates shunned Atiku Abubakar’s presidential rally in the State yesterday. 2. Controversy has surrounded the presence of a team of policemen at the Federal Capital Territory home of the Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Godwin Emefiele. The armed police officers, numbering over 10, were seen by our correspondent around 8.40pm, Tuesday, at the Maitama, Abuja home of the embattled governor of the apex bank. 3. The Federal Government has said it sometimes borrows funds to buy petrol as the country continues to incur rising fuel subsidy bills. The government also confirmed that there was a possibility of global economic recession this year, but stressed that Nigeria’s foreign exchange reserves were healthy enough to withstand the shocks. 4. Tears flowed on Tuesday when a Lagos-based lawyer, Bolanle Raheem, who was shot dead by a policeman, Drambi Vandi, last Christmas, was committed to mother earth. Family, friends and colleagues of the late lawyer gathered at The Redeemed Christian Church of God, Banana Island, Ikoyi, Lagos, for her funeral service yesterday. 5. Three people were confirmed killed on Tuesday after suspected terrorists attacked Jajar Kanwa village, in the Jibia Local Government Area of Katsina State. The hoodlums were also reported to have injured two other residents, rustled domestic animals and carted away money, handsets and food. 6. Following the burning of a Catholic priest in Kafin-Koro in the Paikoro Local Government Area of Niger State, aggrieved women and youths on Tuesday burnt down the Kafin-Koro Police Station. 7. A Federal High Court in Abuja has summoned Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, to appear on Wednesday over a $53 million judgement debt arising from the Paris Club refunds. Justice Inyang Ekwo in an application for garnishee made on October 20, 2022, ordered Emefiele to appear on January 18, the hearing date for the matter. 8. The Federal Government has concluded the registration process of Congress of University Academics (CONUA). The minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, who disclosed this to journalists shortly after a closed-door meeting with the leadership of CONUA led by its President, Niyi Sunmonu, also warned the union not to “behave like the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). 9. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has foreclosed the possibility of insecurity in parts of the country forcing it into cancelling or postponing the February 25 and March 11 elections. Its chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu stated this, yesterday, at a lecture at Chatham House in London, assuring that the commission was fully prepared to also handle a run-off if it happens during the polls. 10. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Council, yesterday, cautioned Nigerians to be wary of the antics of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu and not submit to his overlordship as he is currently doing in Lagos. Spokesman of the PDP Presidential Campaign Council, Charles Aniagwu, gave the advice at a news conference in Asaba yesterday.