As the Osun gubernatorial election petition tribunal is set to deliver judgment on Friday, January 27, 2023, a human rights lawyer, Pelumi Olajengbesi has assured that there is no cause for alarm. On August 5, 2022, former governor Adegboyega Oyetola of the All Progressives Congress (APC) had petitioned the victory of Ademola Adeleke of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) after he was declared the winner of the July 16, 2022 Osun gubernatorial election. Olajengbesi, who expressed optimism that the Tribunal will on Friday dismiss the petition filed by the Adegboyega Oyetola and the APC against Governor Adeleke maintained that the language of justice is clear and it will be dispensed appropriately. While restating that the petition of Oyetola and the APC will be dismissed, he added that Adeleke’s victory at the Osun guber poll was a retrieval of his mandate that was stolen four years ago when he secured 403,371 votes, 28,344 more than Oyetola who polled 375,027 votes. In his words,” Senator Adeleke’s victory was resounding as he recorded landslide wins in 17 local governments out of the 30 local councils. Senator Adeleke was subsequently announced as the winner by the Independent National Electoral Commission and sworn in as Executive Governor on November 27, 2022. “However, Oyetola and the APC approached the Tribunal to challenge Senator Adeleke’s victory, citing fallacies. “The Tribunal will dismiss Oyetola and APC petition just as the Supreme Court threw away a case by an ex-governorship aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, Dotun Babayemi, challenging Adeleke’s candidature in September 2022. “There is no cause for alarm as the Tribunal delivers its judgement on Friday. The Adeleke camp remains unshaken because the language of justice is clear and it will be dispensed appropriately in our favour.” He explained that the people of Osun defended their mandate at the election in July and will defend it once more at the Tribunal because they are already enjoying the dividends of good governance they were starved of in the last 12 years of the APC anti-people administration.