The Department of State Services (DSS) has raised the alarm of plans to discredit its Director General, Yusuf Bichi and top officials. A statement on Tuesday by its spokesperson, Peter Afunanya,the secret police said the sponsors have engaged non-governmental organisations. He noted that the groups intend to stage “further rallies, road-shows and press conferences to malign Bichi”. Afunanya said a section of the media have been briefed to implement the strategy through sponsored articles, commentaries and features. The DSS hinted it is monitoring developments and will allow the plotters to either exhaust themselves or rescind the plan of action. “No amount of intimidation, harassment and blackmail will deter it from discharging its duties”, Afunanya added. The agency advised the public to “ignore the antics of dark forces out to impugn the character of the DG”. The DSS statement followed condemnations over the probe of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Godwin Emefiele. The apex bank chief is accused of terrorism financing and keeping looted funds in some banks. He also faces allegations of diversion of revenue funds, agricultural loans and fraudulent practices in Forex transactions. The alert also came amid criticism over the altercation between Bichi’s wife and Abba Yusuf, New Nigerian Peoples Party (NNPP) Kano governorship candidate. She reportedly ordered the arrest of Yusuf after a confrontation at the VIP lounge gate of the Aminu Kano International Airport on Sunday night. His convoy had caused gridlock which prevented Bichi’s motorcade from gaining access to the lounge. Eyewitnesses said Bichi’s security guards assaulted people and hit vehicles blocking the VIP gate. Garba Kilo, one of Yusuf’s aides, allegedly beaten for recording was taken to the Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital for treatment. Reacting Tuesday night, the flagbearer’s spokesperson said tension over the matter had doused. “I am not allowed to speak yet. But the situation has calmed down already”, he told DAILY POST.