Senator Godswill Akpabio has berated some Akwa Ibom All Progressives Congress, APC, leaders in the State for not truly working for its success but rushing to claim success in Abuja. Akpabio, who is the National Vice Chairman of the APC Presidential Campaign Council, said those leaders whom he described as “Abuja politicians” shout Tinubu in the day and Atiku in the night. He noted that he was particularly aware of one of them who had publicly endorsed the PDP Presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar and a PDP Senatorial candidate but would rush to Uyo to claim chairman of the party. Akpabio further noted that someone in the APC, poised to destabilize the party for the benefit of PDP, instituted seven cases in court against his party’s governorship candidate, Akanimo Udofia. This was contained in a press statement signed by Akpabio’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr Jackson Udom and sent to journalists in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. Hee said Akpabio made the revelation, weekend, while receiving the leadership of about 250 Presidential Support Groups in Ikot Ekpene Local Government Area of the State. The statement quoted Akpabio to have promised to personally support any other support group in the State with genuine interest to work for the APC. The statement reads in part, “I have heard of several other groups being set up within the party by other party leaders. I am not against it, so long as they are being set up in support of the party and our Presidential candidate. I will personally support and attend their meetings anytime I am around in the State. “I will not support a situation where some leaders of the party in the State would be shouting Asiwaju in the day and PDP (Atiku) in the night. “I am very much aware of a particular person in our party, who has publicly endorsed the governorship candidate of the PDP and its Senatorial candidate, but would rush down to Uyo to say I am the chairman of the rally for Tinubu. Which Tinubu are you talking about?” Describing the groups as the real supporters of the APC in the State, the former governor said anybody who would not embrace the groups is not a politician, stressing that no matter how he identifies with the centre, he would always identify with the grassroots.