The former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, has opined that the same faith ticket of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, will break Nigeria along religious and tribal lines. He expressed fear that the Muslim Muslim ticket was strongly against the unity and peaceful coexistence of the country and enjoined Nigerians to reject it in totality for the development of the country. Dogara, who spoke during the Arewa Christian Indigenous Pastors Association, ACIPA’s day of prayers at the Evangelical Church of West Africa, ECWA in Jos, Plateau State, said Tinubu had a lot of baggage that would make him a foreign asset if he becomes the next president to the detriment of the generality of Nigerians. He said the crucial role Christians can play is to examine the character of the candidates running for offices especially the highest office in the country and disavow those of them that they know are not a reflection of moral ethos. He thanked the leadership of CAN for long taking a stand against the same faith ticket of the APC, saying it is not in the interest of peaceful coexistence and unity of the country and its future politics. Dogara said Atiku was more politically experienced and would unite the country while evaluating the three other major presidential candidates, Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Peter Obi of the Labour Party, LP, and Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso of the New Nigerian People’s Party, NNPP. The former Speaker said he was yet to be convinced about the accomplishments of Obi while he was governor in Anambra, saying that the youths yearn for him but he may not win many votes in core northwestern states He said the Kwankwaso campaign lacked national appeal. “The other candidate is that of the PDP. God forbid that we should imagine that he is perfect but we can not deny that he is by far the most experienced and that what he has done for the Northern Church has no known parallels in Nigeria’s history. This was one of his major appeals to some of us who endorsed his candidature.”