The Speaker of the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Olubunmi Adelugba has charged workers in the legislative arm to give their best and be efficient in the discharge of their duties in 2023. Adelugba, who gave the charge during an Interfaith New Year Thanksgiving in the state also urged the staff to focus on self-development and acquisition of better skills to add value to themselves and the system. A statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Odunayo Ogunmola, said sermons were delivered by the Regional Pastor of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Tunde Abdullahi and the Imam of the Government House Mosque, Alhaji Abdulfatai Olorunkemi. The event was attended by honourable members, management, heads of departments and other staff members who showed appreciation to God for witnessing the New Year. The Speaker also stressed the need for the Assembly workers to always have the heart of thanksgiving to God for all the goodness and benefits they receive, most especially having the opportunity to cross into the New Year. Adelugba said people are always remembered for the impact they make any time they are given opportunities to serve, stressing that no time is too short to make an impact for any diligent, visionary and determined person. While noting that there is always a reward for diligence, the Speaker explained that those who distinguish themselves on their duties would be the first to be considered for elevation or incentives and not the indolent ones. The Speaker explained that when she was elected into the Assembly in 2019, she did not think of going for a second impact but she was determined in her mind to make a positive term within a limited time which she succeeded in doing. She said: “This year, I want you to focus more on yourself; always as yourself, how can I become a better person? How can I be better at my job and how can I improve my skills? Make yourself relevant, and be a solution. “Ask what you can do to make your life better. For example, if you are a driver and you drive very well, when there is a need for recognition, you will be recognized because they will know you.” Speaking on the essence of thanksgiving, the Speaker who quoted relevant verses in the Bible said showing appreciation is a trigger for more blessings from God and man. She added: “We must continue to acknowledge what God has done so that he can do more. Arm yourself with praises and let the attitude of thanksgiving be in your heart. When somebody does something for you, always show appreciation. In their respective sermons, Pastor Abdullahi and Alhaji Olorunkemi during the session called on the legislators and staff to build a good legacy while in active service, as they will be remembered for their deeds. The clergymen also advised all members of staff to position themselves to be a blessing to others.