The Kwara State Police Command, on Sunday neutralized three suspected kidnappers and arrested nine others in a major crackdown on kidnapping activities and harvest of kidnap suspects. The neutralized persons were identified as Bala Idris, Hasan Idris, and Baso Idris, while three locally made guns and ten cartridges were recovered after an exchange of gunfire with the police, Vigilantes and local hunters. Two other suspects belonging to the neutralized persons gang, Lagi Bala and Iliasu Idris, were however arrested. At a press briefing in Ilorin on Monday, state Commissioner of Police, Paul Odama, disclosed that “On the 22/1/2023 at about 0900HRS an intelligence available to the Divisional Police Officer, Bode Sadu to the effect that suspected kidnappers were in the bush along Balogun area, Bode Saadu in preparation to strike. “The DPO Mobilized Vigilantes, hunters and police men, stormed the bush and they engaged the kidnappers, during exchange of gun-fire, three of the kidnappers were neutralized while two suspects Lagi Bala “M” and Iliasu Idris “M” were arrested with 3 locally made guns.” The police Commissioner said the arrested suspects confessed to be kidnappers and cattle rustlers. They also confessed to be responsible for the series of kidnapping cases in Malete and Shao area of Kwara State. Investigation is ongoing to arrest the remaining members of the kidnapping gang, while the two arrested suspects would be charged to court as soon as investigation is concluded, he added. Similarly, according to the police boss, “on 21/1/2023 at about 1400HRS, the divisional police officer of Eiyenkorin Division, in collaboration with vigilante and local hunters in carrying out the directive of the commissioner of police regarding a zero tolerance for kidnapping, stormed the Eyenkorin thick forest to search the hide-outs of kidnappers.”  Paul Odama revealed that in the shooting encounter with the suspected kidnappers sighted in the bush, some suspects escaped with bullet injuries, while some were arrested. “At about 1600HRS of 21/01/2023, information was received that one suspected Fulani man was seen with bullet wounds inside the bush within Eyenkorin.” He said policemen traced and arrested the suspect, during interrogation the suspect confessed to be a member of a kidnap syndicate that specializes in kidnapping people around Eyenkorin-Oko-olowo axis. “He mentioned one Alhaji Anta now at large as the leader of the gang, while five other suspects arrested included Buga Ali “M” ,Suleiman ISSAH ‘M’ ( 20YRS), AMINU BELLO ‘M’, SULEMAN BILIYAH ‘M’ (21) and YAHAHA ADAM ‘M’ (20) who will all be charged to court as soon as investigation is over.” He further revealed that in another successful operation around Eyenkorin-Oko-olowo axis, based on an actionable intelligence, two more kidnappers by name Yau Alhaji Anta and Idris Alhaji Auta were arrested. Paul Odama said the suspects confessed to be responsible for the kidnap of the two kidnapped victims in Oluwalose community, Oko-Olowo area of Ilorin, one Alhaji Tunde Buhari and one Muhammed Mecho. “When brought together, the Victim identified one of the suspects as one of his abductors and the suspects would soon be charged to court after investigation. Two other suspects were also paraded for alleged motorcycle theft, and criminal trespass, mischief and theft. “They are Yusuf Arowolo and Issah Shuaib, who were paraded for criminal trespass and theft, while another suspect, Emmanuel Joshua of Ajelanwa, Phase One, Zango area, Ilorin, was arrested for allegedly breaking into one Issah Shuaib’s house and made away with a TVS motorcycle with registration number Afon 752 VD, valued N700,000.” Paul Odama, warned would-be criminals of whatever nomenclature that the command is all out to see that they are rounded up and sent to where they belong.