Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The leadership of the North-East Youth and Stakeholders Forum of the All Progressive Congress has threatened to withdraw their support for the APC vice presidential candidate, Senator Kashim Shettima. At a press conference in Abuja on Thursday, the group vowed that they would withdraw support for the former governor of Borno State for continually undermining its effort. 2. The Deputy Speaker of the Kaduna State House of Assembly, Isaac Auta Zankai, and the member representing Zaria State constituency, Suleiman Dabo, have defected from the All Progressives Congress to the Labour Party in the State. The Deputy Speaker is representing the Kauru State constituency in the State Assembly. 3. Embattled Central Bank Governor, Godwin Emefiele, has reportedly returned to the country, on Wednesday, amidst growing rumour that he will be arrested by the Department of State Services. Emefiele left the country for several weeks following the investigation of several allegations against him, including corruption and terrorism financing. 4. The Divisional Police Officer in charge of Pankshin Division, Pankshin Local Government Area of Plateau State, has been kidnapped by gunmen. The development was confirmed on Thursday night. 5. Ahead of this year’s general elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has extended the deadline for the collection of Permanent Voters’ Cards (PVCs) nationwide by one week. National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee of INEC, Festus Okoye stated this in Abuja on Thursday night. 6. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, has said Nigerians should not vote for a sick person as the next president of the country in the forthcoming presidential election. He said this at his alma mater, the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, (UNN), Enugu State on Thursday. 7. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has vowed to sanction any commercial bank hoarding the new naira notes from the public. The apex bank said that from Thursday, it would commence the monitoring of commercial banks to know those who are not giving the new naira notes to customers. 8. The Chinese national, Frank Geng Quangrong, on Thursday, told the Kano High Court that he was attempting to save his life when he unknowingly stabbed his Nigerian lover, late Ummukulsum Sani Buhari. Frank spoke through an interpreter while testifying before the court presided over by Justice Sanusi Ado Ma’aji. 9. The Labour Party has said the arrest of the former Director-General of its Presidential Campaign Council, Dr Doyin Okupe by security operatives at the Lagos Airport was an attempt to embarrass him. Chief Spokesperson of the LP, Dr Tanko Yunusa, said that those who arrested Dr Okupe had nothing on him, they “Just want to embarrass him, it is unfortunate.” 10. President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday warned foreign nations to stay clear of Nigeria’s election. The President issued the warning on Thursday while receiving Letters of Credence from Ambassadors of Sweden, Switzerland, the Republic of Ireland, the Kingdom of Thailand, the Republic of Senegal and the Republic of South Sudan in Abuja.