The escape of Lekan Adekanbi, who was the only suspect arrested in connection with the gruesome murder of the Fatinoyes, is causing serious disquiet among senior officers of the Ogun State police command. On January 1, some unknown assassins were said to have invaded the Ibara GRA residence of the Fatinoyes, killing the husband, Kehinde, who was a staffer of the Central Bank of Nigeria and his wife, Bukola, an official of the Federal University of Agriculture, FUNAAB, Abeokuta. After killing the couple, the killers also set them on fire and took away their only son alongside a domestic staff. The Fatinoyes’ son and the domestic staff were thrown into the Ogun River along Adigbe-Obada road. While the domestic staff returned unhurt, the son was found dead in the river three days after, with his hands and legs tied to the back. Since the day of the incident, the Ogun State police spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed to DAILY POST that Lekan Adekanbi was the prime suspect and he had been arrested. Two days after, Adekanbi was said to have pretended that he was ill and was taken to the police clinic in Okelewo Abeokuta for medical attention. The suspect had lied that he wanted to use the rest room and while being aided on a wheelchair, he suddenly stood up and fled, defying the sounds of gunshots fired into the air to stop him from running. One week after his escape, efforts of the Ogun State police have not yielded any positive result to arrest the fleeing suspect. DAILY POST reported earlier that the development led to the removal of the then Divisional Police Officer in Ibara divisional headquarters, CSP Bernard Ediagbonya. DAILY POST learnt that the Divisional Crime Officer (DCO) in Ibara has also been redeployed over the same matter. Likewise, the DPO of Adigbe police division at the time was also redeployed to Abigi in Ogun Waterside Local Government. He was accused of failing to see to the retrieval of the body of the Fatinoyes’ son, whose body was found in a river under his jurisdiction. At the moment, DAILY POST gathered that the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Lanre Bankole, has been reportedly summoned to answer queries over the escape of the suspect. It was learnt that Bankole is to appear at the Force Headquarters in Abuja to explain what led to the escape of Adekanbi from custody and the efforts being made to get him rearrested.