The Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke has expressed satisfaction with the passionate show of love and rejection of the Osun guber election petition tribunal judgment. Adeleke’s reaction is coming after massive protests demonstrating support for him and the Peoples Democratic Party rocked major towns across the state. Since the Friday, January 27, 2023, judgement by Justice Tertsea Kume-led tribunal in favour of former Governor Adegboyega Oyetola and the All Progressives Congress (APC) on July 16, 2022, Osun gubernatorial election, massive protests have rocked the state. On Saturday, streets in major towns were blocked as protesters trooped out in large numbers to show their disapproval at the judgment. Expressing delight at the reaffirmation of popular support for his governorship mandate, Adeleke in a personally signed statement assured the people that their mandate will not be stolen by whatever means possible. In his words, “I have read stories of multiple protests and I have seen many videos from all over the state. From Central, West and East, I am overwhelmed by your open defence of our mandate. I express my appreciation to our people for their show of support. Your love for me is much appreciated. “We have not done anything wrong. We won clearly with a wide margin. Local and foreign observers hailed our election as the best in recent Nigerian history. Be rest assured that by God and Man, justice will be done. Our mandate won’t be stolen.” The governor who cautioned the people against taking laws into their hands also called for calm. He disclosed that he has already appealed the judgment and was sure of victory. Meanwhile, the Osun chapter of the PDP has accused the tribunal chairman, Justice Tertsea Kume of bias and sabotage of the new Electoral Act. The party is also contemplating reporting the judge to judicial disciplinary bodies. Addressing a press conference on Saturday in Osogbo, Akindele Adekunle, the party’s caretaker chairman in the state, alleged that the judgement was way billed by the APC as the Tribunal Chairman abandoned legal arguments and submissions to dwell on trivialities as the foundation for his pronouncement. The party also alleged that the plot by the APC went beyond the Osun guber election of 2022 to the coming general elections. “For us as a party, we understand the desperation of those behind the jankara judgement. We understand the trap they tried to set against the BVAS innovation in our electoral system. We understand the desperation goes beyond the Osun election or Governor Ademola Jackson Nurudeen Adeleke. “The evil plot is ultimately against the coming general election where in their usual fraudulent habit, millions of voter cards have either been cloned, registered with ghost names and are being made ready to be deployed especially for the presidential election, in which they could smell their total rejection far ahead of time. “In this wise and in their fraudulent anticipation, the use of BVAS machine must be discredited and rendered impotent ahead of their planned invasion of the electoral field with their fraudulent antics. However, ladies and gentlemen, this is a battle they cannot win!” Adekunle, however, called on the residents and citizens of the state and Nigerians to be vigilant.