Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Following the endorsement of Labour Party candidate, Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu has disclosed that former President Olusegun Obasanjo punished him while he was governor of Lagos State. Tinubu explained that the decision was not a personal punishment but an action taken against the State Government. 2. Labour Party (LP) presidential candidate, Peter Obi has said youths will no longer need to leave Nigeria (japa) if he emerges president of the country. Obi made the pledge on Thursday at the party’s campaign rally in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital. 3. Again, President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday ordered security agencies to end crude oil theft before May 29. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva communicated the directive while addressing Operation Delta Safe troops. 4. A couple, Taiwo Olutufese Ajalorun and Salawa Oyenusi Ajalorun, was arrested alongside six others for the alleged killing of a 26-year-old girl, Oyindamola Adeyemi. They were arrested on Wednesday for kidnapping, killing and dismembering a victim’s remains, and selling them for money ritual purposes. 5. A former President of the Nigerian Bar Association, Olisa Agbakoba (SAN), has said that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission should not have been in existence, stressing that the commission currently operates outside the Constitution. 6. Suspected hoodlums said to be working with some officials of the Lagos State Management Traffic Authority have stabbed a commercial bus driver, Jamiu Alao, in the Costain area of Lagos State. It was gathered that Alao’s bus developed a fault and broke down on the road. Some LASTMA officials were said to have attempted to tow the bus, a move that was resisted by the driver. 7. Prof Emmanuel Osodeke, President of Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), says the military government era in the country was more sympathetic to the plight of lecturers than the current civilian administration. He said this at the unveiling of 50 tertiary textbooks published by Nigerian authors in Abuja. 8. Fresh facts have emerged as to why the Bauchi Emirate Council sacked an elder statesman, Alhaji Muhammadu Bello Kirfi, as a council member and Wazirin Bauchi. It was gathered that Kirfi had last week held a stakeholders’ meeting at his residence in Bauchi, where he directed his lieutenants, drawn from across the State, to come out and mobilize for Atiku only. 9. Worried by the inflationary consequences of huge public sector cash withdrawals on the nation’s economy, the Nigerian Financial and Intelligence Unit (NFIU), yesterday, outlawed cash withdrawals from all government accounts effective March 1, 2023, warning that defaulters risk three-year jail term. 10. Five governors on the platform of the Peoples Democratic (PDP), known as G-5 Governors, or Integrity Group, yesterday, kept silent on their preferred presidential candidate for the 2023 general elections. The five governors comprising Nyesom Wike (Rivers), Samuel Ortom (Benue), Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia), Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu) and Seyi Makinde (Oyo), however, said they remain committed members of the PDP.