The Nigerian Army (NA) has announced a major shake up of senior officers for administrative and operational efficiency. Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, Director of Army Public Relations, issued a statement on Saturday. Nwachukwu said the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya approved the redeployment of Major Generals and Brigadier Generals. It affects Principal Staff Officers of the Army Headquarters, Corps Commanders, Commandants of NA Training Institutions, Brigade Commanders and Commanding Officers. The new General Officers’ Commanding (GOC) are Major General IS Ali from Headquarters 3 Division to Theatre Command as the new Theatre Commander Joint Task Force North East Operation HADIN KAI. Major General AB Ibrahim from Army Headquarters Department of Training heads to Headquarters 3 Division as the new GOC and Commander Operation SAFE HAVEN. Major General AS Chinade from Headquarters 2 Division to Headquarters 82 Division as GOC, Major General GM Mutkut will now head the GOC 8 Division and Commander Operation HADARIN DAJI. The new Corps Commanders are Major General CG Musa from Theatre Command to Headquarters Infantry Corps Centre as new Commander; Major General MS Ahmed from Headquarters Theatre Command (NE) to Headquarters Nigerian Army Armoured Corps as Commander. Major General BR Sinjen from Nigerian Army School of Artillery to Headquarters Nigerian Army Corps of Artillery as new Commander; Major General PE Eromosele from National Defence College to Headquarters Nigerian Army Engineers; Major General AA Ayannuga from Army Headquarters Department of Army Transformation to Nigerian Army Cyber Warfare Command; Major General GS Abdullahi from Defence Space Administration to Headquarters Nigerian Army Signals. The new Defence and Army Headquarters Principal Staff Officers are Major General SE Udounwa from Army Headquarters Department of Special Services and Programmes to Defence Headquarters as Chief of Defence Training and Operations; Major General SG Mohammed redeployed from Army Headquarters Department of Policy and Plans to the Department of Army Training as Chief of Training; Major General UT Musa from Headquarters 82 Division to the Department of Army Administration as Director Personnel Management. Major General Y Yahaya from Headquarters 31 Artillery Brigade to the Department of Army Administration as the Director Manpower (Army). Brigadier General TI Gusau redeployed from Army Headquarters Department of Special Services to the Directorate of Defence Information as the new Director. The newly redeployed Brigade Commanders are Brigadier General AM Umar from the Office of the Chief of Army Staff to Headquarters Guards Brigade, Brigadier General S Aliyu from Headquarters 6 Division to Headquarters 63 Brigade. Brigadier General HD Bobbo from National Defence College to Headquarters 31 Brigade; Brigadier General MT Aminu from Army War College Nigeria to Headquarters 35 Brigade. The statement noted that redeployment of the Generals takes effect from January 11, 2022.