Senator Adelere Oriolowo has debunked allegations that he illegally took possession of items belonging to the Osun State Government. Oriolowo, who is the Senator representing Osun West Senatorial District, described the allegations as a blatant falsehood, a naked display of recklessness, sacrilegious dereliction of truth and unjustifiable character assassination. While denying the allegations in Iwo on Monday, the Senator also demanded the State government to apologise in written form and also to pay five hundred million Naira as compensation for the unquantifiable damage done to his name and integrity. DAILY POST recalls that the Asset Review Committee headed by Bashiru Tokunbo Salam had in a report indicated that Senator Adeleke Oriolowo was in custody of 130G Motor Grader (005132-A321), D6 Bulldozer (OS130-A32), Electric Transformer Feeder Board Panel and Soil Compactor Machine (OS137- A32). The panel, which was set up by Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke, also demanded that the Senator return the said equipment to the State government or face sanctions. Oriolowo, who maintained the allegation has caused so much damage to his name, reputation and legacy stated that, “since the publication, many well- meaning people within and outside the shores of Nigeria have continuously reached out to me for clarification and solidarity. “I was taken aback as to why a committee of the State would jettison the principle of fair hearing by inviting me to defend whatever report they must have gotten. I also reliably gathered that this said committee failed to submit their report to their principal before going to the public to malign my name. “The said equipment which belongs to the then OSSADEP was in existence when I left the agency 15 years ago. To the best of my knowledge, some of them were transferred to the Ministry of Rural Development to assist the government. A simple due diligence or investigation by the committee would have unraveled the salient fact that the equipment is still property of the Osun State Government.” Senator Oriolowo while revealing that his letter has been received by the Osun State Government, expressed the hope that steps would be taken to retract the publication and an apology tendered to him. He also warned that failure to do so would leave him with no alternative than to resort to legal means to get justice. He held that the decision of Governor Adeleke being a former Senator to surround himself with sycophants instead of playing by the rules and hitting the ground running may spell doom for his teething administration.