The Labour Party, LP Presidential Candidate, Peter Obi has held a town hall meeting at Effurun, Uvwie Local Government Area as part of his campaign for the 2023 elections. Fielding questions at the town hall meeting and presidential rally, Obi told his supporters not to vote for tribe or religion but to vote for him enmass during the election. He said, “No tribe buys bread cheaper. No religion buys bread cheaper.” According to Obi, his supporters should vote for commitment and capacity. Obi who was hosted by Deacon Chris Iyovwaye, a popular industrialist promised to be responsible when elected into office as the next president of Nigeria. While assuring the people that a new Nigeria is possible, Obi said, “We are not going to give excuses. I am not going to remind you of where you’re coming from or to blame people where they failed.” A member of Obi-Datti PCC, Aisha Yesufu urged the people to obtain their personal voter cards and PVCs to enable them vote for the labour party and its presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi. The human right activist, however, warned that the people will hold him to account should he mess up after being elected into office as president. “Mr. President to be, you say we for South-South, we nor dey fear anybody. You see as I dey here so, I dey house and if I never tell you before, make I tell you now. If you enter there, you do anyhow, you go see anyhow.” The National Chairman of the Labour Party, LP, Dr.(Barr ) Julius Abure in a remark said the Nigerian economy is not working. He said, “insecurity is ravaging the Country. The Country is deteriorating.” Dr. Abure who appreciated the party faithful for their support in changing and rescuing the nation also enjoined them to obtain their Personal Voter Cards, PVCs to bring about the much-needed change in the Country. Earlier in a welcome address, the Chief Host of the town hall meeting, Deacon Chris Iyovwaye welcomed the LP Presidential Candidate and his entourage to the State. Iyovwaye said, “We are a people that are looking up to a great change for Nigeria. We are waiting for this great change and we are convinced that it’s resident in the life of our principal, Mr. Peter Obi.” “We are seeing the things that he has been saying and campaigning for from place to place. We are also seeing the kind of things that he has displayed across Nigeria. The fact of the matter, every time you hear from consumption to production, you know that you’re already talking about him. We are looking at the man that wants to take us from potential to reality. We are looking at a man that wants to do things differently. We are looking at a man that has what it takes to change Nigeria.” While noting that Nigeria is blessed with a lot of mineral resources and other things, Deacon Iyovwaye said what Nigeria is not blessed with is leadership. He, however, expressed the belief that Obi’s leadership will provide will change the country for good.