The Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors, NARD, has warned of an imminent nationwide industrial disharmony over some unresolved issues. NARD said the unresolved issues are threatening industrial peace and harmony in the health sector. In a statement by its President, Emeka Innocent Orji, NARD appreciated the government for its efforts in resolving some of the issues raised but asked that attention be given to other pending issues. NARD raised the alarm in the statement addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan; Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila; Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha; and the Department of State Services, DSS. The body recalled issuing an ultimatum to the Federal Government six months ago on account of lingering unresolved issues affecting our members, including the irregularities in the new circular on the upward review of the Medical Residency Training Fund (MRTF), outstanding payment of the arrears of the new hazard allowance, nonpayment of the skipping arrears for 2014, 2015 and 2016, nonpayment of the consequential adjustment of the minimum wage to some of our members, and delay in the upward review of the Consolidated Medical Salary Structure(CONMESS). Others are Salary arrears of our members in State Tertiary Health Institutions running into several months, including Abia, Imo, Ondo, Ekiti and Gombe States, and non-domestication of the Medical Residency Training Act (MRTA) in most states across the Federation. The statement reads: “We sincerely appreciate the efforts of the government through its ministries, departments and agencies in resolving some of the issues raised. “However, many of them remain largely unresolved and have now become sources of serious nationwide agitation threatening industrial peace and harmony in the health sector. “Sir, our January 2023 National Executive Council meeting has been scheduled for January 24th to 28th 2023, and we can confirm very clearly that if these issues are not sorted out before that meeting, our members will likely give us a mandate to immediately kick-start processes that will lead to a nationwide industrial disharmony in the health sector. “Sir, we know how critical this period is and the chaos that will ensue if the government does not take steps to prevent this from happening, and so we humbly implore you to use your good offices to resolve these issues before our January NEC meeting. “Sir, we trust in your fatherly disposition and believe that you will come to our aid and save this nation from this imminent industrial disharmony.” NARD listed other unsolved issues to include, the Omitted 2020 MRTF payment, irregularities in the new MRTF circular inconsistent with the Medical Residency Training Act, existing Collective Bargaining Agreements and current economic realities and the review of CONMESS salary Structures