The Chief of Kagoro in the Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State, Mr Ufuwai Bonet, says his doors are open to dialogue with Fulani people and any warring faction towards ensuring permanent peace in his Chiefdom. DAILY POST recalls that in the past few days, Kagoro Chiefdom and some communities in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area experienced attacks by gunmen resulting in the killing of about 50 persons, burning of houses and destruction of properties worth billions of naira in the area. Speaking during the Kagoro Chiefdom prayer summit in collaboration with Global Peace Foundation Nigeria on Sunday in Kagoro, Chief Afuwai Bonet said, “For the past two years, the Chiefdom has witnessed attacks by gunmen and all that we hearing as the causes of the attacks are mere rumours without any real reason for the attacks resulting to the killings of innocent people and the destruction properties worth billions of naira. We are ready for any group of people that have any grievances with us to come forward for us to discuss at a roundtable to resolve our differences amicably or we invite government to resolve any problem affecting our peaceful coexistence.” He added that for years the Kagoro people have been living peacefully with other ethnic groups and religions, saying that the present attacks are so strange to the people that they do not know what could be causing them. The paramount ruler called on all to evolve ways to usher harmonious relationships that the area is known for in the past, saying that it is the only way people could go about their legitimate businesses. The Country Director, Global Peace Foundation Nigeria, Rev. John Joseph Hayab, explained that the essence of the programme was to show the determination of the people to live in peace despite the attacks and killings in the area. According to him, the plans of the evil ones to cause division among the people of Southern Kaduna would not be achieved, stressing that the people, irrespective of any differences, will continue to live together as one family under one God and join hands to put the evil ones to shame. He lamented that some politicians are not pleased seeing Christians and Muslims living peacefully, saying they aim to continue to cause division among the religious faithful to achieve their evil aims. Hayab, who is also the state chairman of CAN, enjoined the people to join hands with the security personnel to ensure peace and unity in the area, the local government area, the state and the country as a whole.