The Concerned Yoruba Muslim Scholars, CYMS, in Nigeria have advised Islam adherents to reject candidates who will deny their fundamental human rights during the general elections. The group tasked Muslims to reject candidates who will discriminate against them during the 2023 general elections. The scholars made the call on Wednesday while addressing newsmen at the premises of Ibadan Central Mosque, Oja Oba area of Ibadan. Secretary General, CYMS, Professor Abideen Olaiya, who addressed journalists on behalf of President-General, Shaykh Abdur-Rasheed Mayaleke, said the group aligns with the position of the Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs and Supreme Council for Sharia in Nigeria that Muslims should vote for candidates that can guarantee their fundamental human rights without discrimination. Olaiya condemned the purported invitation of the Director of Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) Professor Ishaq Lakin Akintola, by someone claiming to be calling from the Ibadan office of the Directorate of Security Services (DSS) over a press statement criticising the government of Oyo State over infringement on the rights of Muslim students. The group advised the DSS to be professional in its dealings and understand that religious matters are very sensitive and volatile. It cautioned the organisation not to be used to test the strength of Muslims in the South-West. It added that injustice against the MURIC director would be considered an attack on Muslims in Yorubaland and Nigeria as a whole. The group maintained that the security outfit should also remember its purposes of creation and not dabble in matters that could attract hatred to the security outfit. The group said, “It is unfortunate that religious leaders that should be busy propagating righteousness are now being drawn full-blown into murky waters of partisan politics. “We hereby align with the position of the Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs and Supreme Council for Sharia in Nigeria that all Muslims should go out and vote for candidates that can guarantee their fundamental human rights without discrimination and for the good governance of the country. “Our attention was drawn to the purported invitation of the Director of Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) Professor Ishaq Lakin Akintola, on Friday, December 16, 2022, by someone claiming to be calling from the Ibadan office of the Directorate of Security Services (DSS) over a press statement criticising the government of Oyo State over infringement on the rights of Muslims, especially Muslim Students. “We also appeal to the DSS to be professional and understand that religious matters are very sensitive and volatile. The DSS should not be used to test the strength of Muslims in the South-West as an injustice against the MURIC director would be considered an attack on Muslims in Yorubaland and Nigeria as a whole. The security outfit should also remember its purposes of creation and not dabble into matters that could attract hatred to the security outfit. “We also call on well-meaning Nigerians to prevail on DSS and the state government so that no harm must touch Prof Akintola and Muslims won’t fold their hands to allow injustice”.