A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Enugu State, Comrade Adolphus Ude has raised the alarm over an alleged attempt by people he called desperate politicians to terminate his life. Ude, who is the pioneer Deputy Chairman of the APC in Enugu State had days ago led a protest to the APC national secretariat in Abuja, during which he accused the Chairman of the party in the State, Barr. Ugochukwu Agballah of fraud. He has now alleged that Agballah was after his life in order to cover the truth emanating from the Abuja protest. In a press release to newsmen on Friday, Ude, who doubles as the Chairman of the Mainstream Enugu APC, called on President Muhammadu Buhari, the National Chairman of the APC, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, the Inspector-General of Police, Alkali Baba Usman and the Director-General of the Department of State Services, DSS, Yusuf Bichi to hold Agballah responsible should anything untoward happen to him. He said: “This is to alert Nigerians and security agencies to the many threats to my life since I led the protest by Concerned Enugu APC members to the national secretariat of our party against the impunity, gross misconducts, divisiveness, maladministration and embezzlement of party funds to tune of over N1.3bn by Chief Ugochukwu Agballah and the governorship candidate, Chief Uche Nnaji. “We also protested against a situation where the real deputy governorship candidate of the party on INEC website is Chief Robert Ngwu who is from the same senatorial zone as the governorship candidate whereas they are deceiving the people of Enugu by showcasing Chief George Ogara from Enugu North as the deputy governorship candidate. “I have no other persons to hold responsible for these numerous threats to my life except Ugochukwu Agballah and Uche Nnaji. I call on President Muhammadu Buhari, our national chairman, the Inspector-General of Police, and the DG of DSS to save my life. And should anything untoward happen to me or any of the leaders of our group, they should hold Agballah and Nnaji responsible. “This alarm becomes even more critical given the antecedents of these men, which are well known to Enugu people. Ugochukwu Agballah is presently running from police summons over the forgery of APC membership card with which he was fraudulently imposed as the Chairman of Enugu APC, a process I am presently challenging in court. “In principle, what we protested against is not different from what our leaders such as Geoffrey Onyeama, Sullivan Chime, Eugene Odoh, Onyemuche Nnamani, Osita Okechukwu, Gbazueagu Nweke Gbazueagu, and a host of others, complained about during their protest visit to the national leadership of our party on 30th August 2022 and capped it off by boycotting the Wednesday presidential rally for the same reasons of imposition, impunity, and frauds in Enugu APC. “But the threats notwithstanding, I will continue to defend internal democracy, transparency and accountability in our party and what I know to be the truth”. When contacted, Agballah, in a statement made available to DAILY POST by Comrade Ken Ofoma, his media aide, dismissed the allegations. He said Ude merely wants to be noticed and to retire the money given to him by his sponsors. “He is a known political jobber and handyman. Barr. Ugo Agballah, the chairman of new APC Enugu state and Chief Uche Nnaji, the guber candidate of the party in the State don’t know that AC Ude exists. “They are not bothered by such phantom allegations. The new APC Enugu State is focused and has its eyes trained on the ball. “No amount of noise from those who destroyed APC in the past and who are currently working with PDP in the State, will distract the party,” Ofoma said. DAILY POST reports that the APC has known no peace for several months now. It worsened on Wednesday during the presidential rally of the party. All the major stakeholders of the party, including the minister of foreign affairs, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama, a former Senate President, Chief Ken Nnamani, a former governor, Barr. Sullivan Chime all boycotted the rally. Though they earlier received the party’s presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu, they all stayed away from the rally at the Michael Okpara Square.