Oyo State Government has warned education secretaries across the 33 local government areas in the state against abuse of office and the confidence reposed in them. The state government made these disclosures during the inauguration of education secretaries across the 33 local government areas in the state on Friday. Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, OYOSUBEB, Dr Nureni Aderemi Adeniran made the declarations on behalf of the state government. Adeniran, while speaking, implored the education secretaries to improve education quality in their localities. He said that this is necessary in order to reduce the number of out-of-school children. Adeniran while speaking further, warned that there would be sanctions, for any form of abuse. He said the state’s universal basic education board has laid a very strong and solid foundation for the new education secretaries in the areas of infrastructural development and manpower upliftment of both teaching and non-teaching staff. He added that the board has raised the bar for learning process for both formal and non-formal learners, the welfare and training of teachers and ensuring well-orchestrated primary school administration. While charging the new education secretaries to work hard at their various jurisdictions, Adeniran said: “You are expected to exercise strict caution when making decisions and always seek clearance and advice from the Board on grey areas in order to avoid embarrassment and mistakes that could be costly while running your office. “It is my fervent prayer that you succeed in all your undertakings and endeavours during your tenure as education secretaries within your various jurisdictions. “You, as education secretaries, are now well positioned to build on the existing foundation and even add value where it is necessary. With you, a new era of primary school administration and leadership has, once again, been ushered in.” He further stated: “In addition, you are expected to work very hard at your jurisdiction to complement the efforts of the State Universal Basic Education Board in particular and the Universal Basic Education Commission in general.”