Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited (NNPC) will drill the first oil well in Nasarawa State in March 2023 as part of its frontier exploration services. The Group Chief Executive Officer of NNPC Ltd, Mallam Mele Kyari, stated this while receiving the Nasarawa State governor, Engr. Abdullahi Sule, and a top delegation on a courtesy visit to the company in Abuja. 2. Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, has returned from the United Kingdom. Atiku had travelled to Dubai from where he went to the UK for meetings with key government officials. 3. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo yesterday said he was “audacious enough” to secure a third term if he had wanted it before exiting power in 2007. For umpteenth time, he insisted that he was not interested in the tenure elongation. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, Labour Party (LP) presidential candidate Peter Obi, and his New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) counterpart Rabiu Kwankwaso will be in London next week. They are expected to speak at the Chatham House. 5. Barring any change in plan, the sale of forms for the 2023 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) will commence today. The UTME is an assessment examination conducted annually by the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) for candidates who desire to secure admission into tertiary institutions in Nigeria. 6. The Supreme Court in a landmark judgment dethroned the Obong of Calabar, Édidem Ekpo Okon Abasi-Otu V and ordered that a fresh election for the vacant stool be conducted. In a unanimous judgment that was prepared by Justice Amina Augie, the apex court affirmed the decision of the Court of Appeal on the disputed stool. 7. The Abuja division of the Federal High Court has dismissed the suit filed by the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) seeking the disqualification of Sen. Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), and his running mate, Mr Kashim Shettima, for the 2023 general elections. 8. Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, Friday, said that he alongside other members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, will joyfully escort the party’s Presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu to the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on May 29. Governor Bello described the APC’s presidential candidate as the president in waiting. 9. The naira on Friday exchanged at 461.90 to the dollar at the Investors and Exporters window. The figure represents a decrease of 0.16 per cent, compared with the 461.17 it exchanged on Thursday. 10. A father, his wife and 2 children have died when fire gutted their residence in Zaria, Kaduna State on Friday. While confirming the incident to journalists, the Zaria Zone Commander of the Kaduna State Fire Service, Mohammed Umar identified the family members as Mohamned Sani, Raulatu, his wife and their two children, Hashim and Fatima.