Kenneth Okonkwo, the spokesperson to the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, has replied former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, who recently claimed that Obi cannot make it if elected as president without having members in the national assembly. Speaking during an interview on Arise Television on Monday, Saraki expressed the fear that if Obi is elected president in 2023, his administration will be characterized by disaster. The former lawmaker said the Labour Party has no candidates to fill up the parliamentary seats, which according to him may not go well if the party wins the presidential poll. But Okonkwo, appearing on the same platform on Tuesday, said the structures being bragged about by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and the All Progressives Congress, APC, are those of criminality, poverty, insecurity, scarcity of fuel and bad leadership. He said that Obi was coming in to destroy such structures and take the country to a new height of productivity and exportation. “The structures that the PDP and APC have are structures of criminality, structure of corruption, structure of fuel scarcity, structure of poverty, structure of insecurity and structure of bad leadership,” he said. “I can go on and on. So if Obi is part of that structure, you wouldn’t see me being a spokesman to him. And that is why he is coming in to destroy such structures. Obi is a man already yielding to Democratically ingenue change. “When he was a member of the House of Assembly, had no members of the House of Assembly. None. But he was able to get everything he wanted approved by the House of Assembly. “He did not have one member of the House of Assembly when he came in as Governor and this is what Obasanjo would describe as a track record of ability and performance. “What you need to be in control is not having members in the national assembly as pleasant and as important as it may be. What you need is political will. What you need is strong institutions…Obi is going to provide leadership… “No national assembly can move against Obi because he has to misconduct himself first. He didn’t misconduct himself in Anambra State for eight years. Not even taking the land that he is entitled to or pension that he is entitled to, how can he misconduct himself when he becomes President?…Obi is coming. He’s going to have members in the national assembly but what we are interested in is a new Nigeria…Saraki has made no point.”