The Akwa Ibom government has warned the Young Progressives Party, YPP in the State to desist from peddling rumours that it was planning to perpetuate violence against its members ahead of the next month’s general election. It could be recalled that the YPP Chairman, Dr Nyenime Andy in a press conference raised an alarm over alleged plans by state government agents to hound and attack members of the opposition parties to weaken them before elections. Andy while calling on the Department of State Services (DSS), the Nigeria Police Force, Directorate of Military Intelligence (DMI) and other security agencies of the Federal Government and the international community to focus on Akwa Ibom government, said the call was necessary “to forestall possible breakdown of law and order based on the unfolding evil desperation by agents of state government.” However, the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Ini Ememobong in a press statement on Thursday said the YPP was crying foul just to deceive the public. He explained that the state government has no record of any planned attack or violence and would never stoop to condone such. Ememobong warned the YPP to stop raising false alarms describing such as “a murderer who is always afraid of someone walking behind him with a machete.” The Commissioner further warned the YPP and other agents of political parties who planned to instigate violence under any guise to desist therefrom as the state government in collaboration with security agencies would not spare anyone found culpable. His words, “We had hinted that the planned unrest was sponsored by politicians from opposition parties, without mentioning any of them. But as usual, the guilty are always afraid. “Over seven years of this administration, there has been no incident of state-sponsored violence, and therefore, the citizens and security operatives are well aware that this administration cannot stoop as low as that. They should stop raising false alarms. “Rather they should recall the prime actors and masterminds of the Ikot Ekpene massacre, where Senator John James Udoedeghe escaped by the whiskers and the assassination attempt on Senator Helen Esuene at Ukana, Essien Udim.” The Commissioner, however, reassured citizens of the state of government’s commitments to safeguarding the lives and property of the people before, during and after elections.