The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has accused Vice President Yemi Osinbajo of keeping grudges against Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Speaking with DAILY POST, Shettima said Tinubu does not deserve the kind of treatment he gets from Osinbajo. Shettima also suggested the possibility of a crack within the APC ranks. According to him: “It’s very unfortunate that in recent times things have not been going well, however, Tinubu does not deserve what he’s getting from Osinbajo and Buhari; no matter how bad it is, he has paid his dues and has stood by them. He deserves better than the support they are giving to him. “If they are truly with him, they should demonstrate it, and if they are not, then they should openly come out and say so. When Obasanjo was in power, in 2006, we could see his body language on how he worked day and night to stand by Yar’ Adua. “He had gone out of his way to campaign for the presidential candidate. Even in the absence of the presidential candidate, Obasanjo was moving around campaigning because he was willing to ensure that his successor come into power. “This one that the president and the vice president are sitting on the fence, even the governors are not sincere.” “Some of these APC governors are not sincere, that is why it would be difficult for the APC presidential candidate, Tinubu, to rely on these governors, they may disappoint him because theirs is to negotiate even with the opposition.” Shettima suggested that Tinubu should liaise and be discussing with Nigerians, CSOs, and organizations and not rely on governors. He said: “Tinubu has less than five governors with him, the others are just supportive. The earlier he moves and changes strategy, the better for him, Kashim Shettima, and APC. “Shettima should move and do better than he’s doing in the Northern part of this country, people are not feeling his impact. The 2023 elections [campaigns] have gone beyond propaganda.” He said pointedly: “There is a crack in APC because Osinbajo has never campaigned, he has never gone anywhere.” He alleged that the body language of Amaechi and Osinbajo, for instance, tells of a crack in APC. “I’m calling on Tinubu to rise up to the occasion and not to over-rely on those governors but to get down to the people within this short period and see what will happen. If he’s relying on governors he will be shocked at what will happen. He should change strategy and method by ensuring all his followers are on their feet; and for Osinbajo, he has shown that he’s not with Tinubu,” he said.