Youths of Ibaka in the Mbo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State have apprehended four men suspected to be officials of the state Ministry of Transportation or their agents for “illegally extorting” unsuspecting fishermen under a fictitious name. The suspects were arrested last week and handed over to the Nigerian Navy, who had, in turn, handed them over to the police in Enwang, Mbo LGA, for further interrogation. Counsel to the fishermen in Ibaka, Bar. Oluwajuwon Ogunbiyi, who confirmed the arrest in a statement in Uyo on Sunday said that the suspects carry out their nefarious trade by disguising themselves as security agents under the name “Government of Akwa Ibom State (Marine Safety, Security, Revenue Surveillance and Enforcement on Water Ways/Water Fronts” with which they use to fleece the fishermen of their hard-earned resources. He expressed disappointment that instead of tackling insecurity in the riverine areas, the state government is allegedly encouraging the breakdown of law and order by employing thugs to “illegally tax poor fishermen” in the state. He lamented that despite all entreaties, the state governor, Udom Emmanuel, has failed to tackle the growing insecurity in the riverine communities. The statement read in part, “Four men who disguised themselves like security agents and claimed to be engaged by the Ministry of Transport of Akwa Ibom State were apprehended by youths of Ibaka community in Mbo L.G.A where they have been extorting fishermen in the area. “The suspects were handed over by the youths to the Nigerian Navy who eventually handed them over to Nigeria Police at Enwang. “The Government of Akwa Ibom State is encouraging the breakdown of law and order by employing touts, renegades and unscrupulous elements in a bid to illegally tax poor fishermen who are currently battling with the terrors being unleashed on them every day by sea pirates at the sea. “The Governor has failed to address the issue of insecurity along Akwa Ibom waterways despite all entreaties to him. It is just as if the people have been left to bear the brunt of this malaise alone. “The plan by the Akwa Ibom State Government to illegally extort these fishermen simply shows how insensitive they are to the plight of the people, especially those in the riverine communities.” When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer of the Akwa Ibom State command, Odiko Macdon said he is yet to be briefed on the development, adding, however, that he would make an inquiry on the matter. He said, “We don’t have any such information at our disposal yet, but I will try and find out. I don’t want to respond to an issue that I don’t have information about.”