The leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, Ebonyi State on Thursday petitioned the federal government over alleged fraud and illegal selling of housing estates meant for workers to politicians by mortgage banks. The NLC leadership and other affiliate unions staged a walkout from the commissioning of the housing estates project, located at Ugwuahara in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State. The state chairman of NLC, Okechukwu Nwafor who protested the alleged fraud rocking the housing estates project, tasked Governor David Umahi to shun the commissioning, adding that, the sale of the housing estates to non-workers should be revised. According to Nwafor: “Ebonyi State government has done well for the first time by donating land for the housing estates to be built for the workers. But for the housing estates to be built and sold to non-workers and indigenes who are not from Ebonyi state is unfortunate. “Workers of Ebonyi State have been contributing through the national housing fund, which is being handled by mortgage bank PLC. Some of us have contributed for 23, 20 and 16 years to this housing estate project. “Workers in Ebonyi State are not happy and what the mortgage bank PLC did should be queried, and the process should be revised to make sure that Ebonyi workers were able to access the facility. The NLC leadership, however, called for the immediate intervention of the federal government, especially the federal ministry of housing, asking that the mortgage bank and the developer, be called to order. He added: “the federal ministry of Housing should call Mortgage bank PLC and the developer, COPEN services limited led by Ugochukwu Chime to order. “We were told by the mortgage bank PLC that it was the developer, COPEN services limited that sold it and that they are not aware of whom they sold it to” the association lamented. In a swift reaction, the Mortgage bank PLC, who spoke to newsmen in Abakaliki, through the Managing Director, Mr. Kingsley Chukwuma denied knowledge of the allegation, stressing that the housing estate in Ugwuahara was allocated to people that are qualified and have completed payment. According to him: “The allegation is not actually true, because our intention was to carry everybody along. This is because workers from all the states of the Federation are the direct beneficiaries of this project” he stated.