The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, head of New Media, Anthony Ehilebo has described Michael Achimugu, a whistleblower, who exposed the corruption allegation against the PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar as a serial blackmailer. Achimugu, who claims to be a former media aide to Atiku, has been spilling all the dirt on his former principal. He had alleged that Atiku Abubakar spent $120 million on the day of the 2019 presidential election alone. Recall that Achimugu had released an audio tape of his alleged conversation with Atiku in which he admitted to advising former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, on how public funds can be diverted through the use of Special Purpose Vehicles (SPV). In the viral audio, Atiku reportedly narrated how he took charge of setting up onshore shell businesses which served as a conduit for siphoning significant sums from public works contracts for himself and Obasanjo. This made Festus Keyamo, spokesperson of the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential campaign council, to some government agencies over the corruption allegation. Keyamo had issued a 72-hour ultimatum to the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB), the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related Offences Commission (ICPC) and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to arrest Atiku over offences of breach of the code of conduct for public officers, money laundering, conspiracy, and criminal breach of trust and misappropriation. Speaking on the allegation, Ehilebo urged Nigerians to ignore Achimugu as there is nothing in the viral audio tape. He said the whistleblower’s character is questionable and that he is destroying himself. ”This is the same person who had accused me of betraying Atiku Abubakar and I told him I will never do that. See the same person accusing me at some point that I was going to betray Atiku; see what he has done to himself. ”He is a serial blackmailer. This is someone who had written a book about Atiku Abubakar; just because he is not getting what he wants, he quickly ran to the media to do his usual job of blackmail. Everybody knows that anyone who has something to do with doing business in Colombia has a questionable character. ”I wish I could be put on a podium with him and will tell him the truth. I will tell him to his face that he can no longer be trusted ”Nobody will trust him again. How can you even be recording a normal conversation? And there is absolutely nothing in that conversation. Nothing. ”He thinks he is destroying Atiku Abubakar, but he has destroyed himself. I’m sure he knows that,” he told DAILY POST.