Worried about the increasing sex scenes in Nigeria’s movie industry, Nollywood, clergyman and filmmaker Mike Bamiloye has written an open letter to his colleagues in the industry. In an open letter on his Instagram page, he castigated actors and actresses who kiss and act in erotic movies. According to him, most of his colleagues act in such scenes due to the money and popularity benefits. Speaking further, the sexagenarian said such ill scenes have led to many broken marriages and bred distrust between couples. The founder of Mount Zion Television also accused directors and producers who encourage such acts as lustful. The 62-year-old dramatist wrote:
HEAR ME, ACTORS AND ACTRESSES! Dear Movie-Maker, You think you are doing great movies? You think you are making money? You think you are getting popular? Dear Movie Actor! You have acted in many Movies in Nigeria and all your achievement in life has been that You have Kissed several ladies and romanced many girls on film set, The roles you love to play in movies are Roles where Men have to kiss you and where you have to play love roles. My Dear Movie Actor! Honorable Nollywoodian! How many Ladies have you kissed on movie sets? Dear Screen Goddess of the Nollywood Empire, How many Actors have done love scenes with you in Movies? Different Mouths have Kissed your mouth in the name of being Professional! You have been Directed by Lustful Directors to romance Ladies on Film set before More than twenty people who are behind the Camera. It is like playing love with a woman in the market place! And your Moral Defenses are breaking down daily before your very eyes! You can no longer control your lust! Eh! You! Mr. Man, You are a married Man, and you are kissing many ladies and your wife and children Are watching you in Movies in their homes and you think things will be alright with your wife? And you think your Children will be OK in their mind? They see their Mother, Having hot Romance with other men in Movies they watch, And they watch the reactions of their father And you think they will be Alright in their Heart and Mind? You want to be Professional! You want to win Awards! You want to be Nominated for OSCAR! Abi? So you have to subject yourself to many disgusting actions on Movie set! You have to allow many other men to climb on you before cameras because your want to be a Screen Goddess! And your husband and children are also watching many of these Movies AND YOU THINK THINGS WILL BE ALRIGHT FOR YOUR HUSBAND AND CHILDREN ? How can your Wife be Alright at home while she watch her husband passionately kissing another lady in a Movie! What will become of your Children later as they have seen their father kissing and romancing other women in movies. YOU THINK YOUR WIFE UNDERSTANDS? YOU THINK YOUR CHILDREN KNOW YOUR PROFESSION? You console yourself that they know you are Acting as you fondle other ladies Breasts in broad daylight before the whole world!