Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Edo State Police Command has said scores of passengers waiting to board a train from the Igueben station in Igueben Local Government Area of Edo State to Warri in Delta State were kidnapped by suspected herdsmen on Saturday evening. 2. There are concerns that the plan by the military to release another set of repentant terrorists into the society could subvert the progress made so far in the war against insurgency. No fewer than 613 rehabilitated terrorists undergoing de-radicalisation are scheduled to be handed over by the military authorities to their respective State governors. 3. A 40-year-old man, Nuhu Usman, of Dangarga village, in Burra District of Ningi Local Government Area of Bauchi State has allegedly shot and killed one of his two wives with a dane gun. The suspect was said to have loaded his local gun and kept it by his side while asleep, thinking that his eldest son who held grudges against him, would come to his room to harm him. 4. Three persons reportedly died and eight others injured when a speeding Toyota Corolla hit a taxi from the rear at Ile-Ise Panu axis at the Abeokuta end of the Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway. It was gathered that both vehicles were on the way to Abeokuta when the accident occurred at 7.30am on Friday. 5. Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential candidate, has lambasted Atiku Abubakar, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential candidate, calling him ‘Mr. Privatize’. Tinubu said this while campaigning in Akure, the Ondo State capital, on Saturday. 6. The Kogi State Government has issued a query to the Ohinoyi of Ebiraland, Dr. Ado Ibrahim for allegedly disrespecting President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Yahaya Bello. The monarch was accused of refusing to welcome the President during his working visit to the State on December 29, 2022. 7. Presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has declared that the outcome of next month’s presidential election would shock prominent Nigerians, who he said, are busy endorsing their preferred candidates. He said the endorsements were inconsequential, noting that the endorsers have lost touch with reality. 8. The presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, yesterday said the presidency job requires physical and mental energy, and he has the requirements. Speaking at a campaign held in Osogbo, Osun State, Obi said he and his deputy, Datti Baba-Ahmed, are still young and possess the energy that a person that will rule Nigeria requires. 9. The Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Saturday inaugurated his South-West campaign office in Akure. Tinubu was led to the campaign office by the Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu and the State Chairman of the APC, Mr Ade Adetimehin. 10. The General Overseer of The Lord’s Chosen Charismatic Revival Ministries, Pastor Lazarus Muoka has revealed that 2023 shall be greater in glory than other years past. He made the revelation at the ongoing four-day international crusade holding at the church’s headquarters in Lagos.