The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma has restated his administration’s commitment to the fight against insecurity, describing it as sacrosanct. The governor stated this at the 7th edition of Imo Stakeholders Forum held in Owerri, on Thursday. Uzodimma, who also warned perpetrators of criminality and other vices to desist from such acts, said that he would not hesitate to bring them to book. He thanked law-abiding residents of the state for their abiding loyalty and warned that any attempt made by enemies of the state to disturb the peace of the state would be “firmly resisted”. “Our commitment to the security of lives and property of Imo people is sacrosanct. “We will resist any attempt to cause chaos in the state and ensure that those causing our people sleepless nights are exposed for who they really are. Nobody is above the law,” he said. He however promised to ensure economic upliftment of Imo people through robust investments in infrastructure. According to him, 72 per cent of the 2023 budget would be directed to critical infrastructure that would pave the way for more economic activities in the state. “72 per cent of the 2023 budget has been mapped out for capital projects. We are purposeful and clear headed with our philosophy of wealth expansion through infrastructural development. “Our newly constructed and ongoing roads will promote intercity trade and commerce and grow our Internally Generated Revenue,” he said. Earlier in an address, Chairman of the Occasion, Mr Pascal Dozie, urged Imo people to show passion for the development of the state as Uzodimma presented his scorecard. “We all have a contribution to make for the upliftment of our state. This forum provides the opportunity for Uzodimma to give account of his stewardship to enable us to make contributions to make Imo a pride of place,” he said. Also, Prof. Maurice Iwu, former Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) urged Imo people to keep faith with the Uzodimma -led government for the overall good of the people. DAILY POST reports that the event was attended by former Governor of the state, Ikedi Ohakim, some past deputy governors, as well as serving and former members of the State’s Executive Council. Also in attendance were Pioneer Chairman and co-founder of Seplat Oil and Gas Limited, Chief ABC Orjiako as well as traditional and religious leaders in the state.