Members of the Nsukka Zonal Amalgamated Traders’ Association (NZATA) have endorsed Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State as their most preferred candidate for Enugu North Senatorial District election. NZATA is made up of over 26 different markets in Enugu North Senatorial zone. They conveyed their decision in Nsukka yesterday at the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Zonal Campaign Office. At the event were the Director-General of the PDP Campaign Council in Enugu North Senatorial Zone, Barr. Vincent Egechukwu Obetta and other members of the Campaign Council. Chairman of the market association, Mr. Dominic Ezema, while praising the Governor for his kind gestures, especially to the Traders’ Association, stated that their decision to endorse the governor was informed by his (governor’s) administration’s developmental strides seen all over the State. He thanked him for creating an enabling environment for the State by stabilising peace and security. “Gburugburu (Gov. Ugwuanyi) is accessible to the people; he provided palliatives to marketers during the COVID-19 pandemic. “Two years ago, he gave out fire fighting equipment to markets and fire balls to markets which help to ensure that fire doesn’t escalate. “He has also ensured an atmosphere of peace and security in Enugu State. Because of these and many more, we want to declare today that our votes are for him,” he said. In a remark, the Campaign DG, Obetta stated that the leadership of Governor Ugwuanyi had brought good governance to the people of Enugu State. He added that “the PDP is a party with strong structure in Enugu State and with the support of Ndi Enugu and Nsukka traders association, Ugwuanyi will emerge the winner.” “Our ultimate goal is to ensure we vote for the PDP from the gubernatorial seat down to the House of Representatives and State Assembly. We must ensure that we vote for our brother, Governor Ugwuanyi to continue his good works in the Senate,” he said. Obetta described Ugwuanyi as the right man for the job, stating that “he has done well for the State and should be rewarded with the senatorial seat. “Everyone should decide on voting for him as the right man for the job because he is experienced and will surely deliver. You traders should ensure that you convince at least 5 customers for the PDP and winning will be sure,” he said. Also speaking, Hon. Festus Onogwu, a former leader of the Association and now Special Adviser to Governor Ugwuanyi, thanked the traders for their unity and support for Ugwuanyi. He noted that the Governor had done well for the traders, urging them to deliver him for the Senatorial election.