Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State has reiterated that Kano will repeat the 1993 Presidential Election situation whereby the state rejected its own son, the late Bashir Tofa, and voted for MKO Abiola overwhelmingly. “That showed the political maturity and dexterity of Kano citizens. We voted for Chief MKO Abiola of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, and rejected Bashir Othman Tofa of the National Republican Convention, NRC, because we all believed in national integration and competence,” he argued. He made the statement during a campaign tour with candidates of the All Progressives Party, APC, vying for different positions in the upcoming general elections, as he visited the district head of Kibiya, Sunusi Abubakar Ila, after holding a campaign rally and consultations in Rano and Bunkure and passing the night in Rano, the headquarter of Rano Emirate with his entourage. Reminding Nigerians that, the APC Presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, supported northerners on different occasions to clinch the presidency, he said: “Tinubu was an instrument behind making Atiku Abubakar become the presidential candidate of Action Congress, AC. He also provided another platform for Nuhu Ribadu to contest for the presidency under the platform of the Action Congress of Nigeria, ACN.” Explaining further that the rotational rationale provides that power rotates from North to South and vice versa, he said: “Asiwaju Tinubu worked very hard to maintain the equation. Hence, his support for northern presidential candidates in the past. One good thing deserves another. We have no other option now than to support his candidature.” Governor Ganduje emphasized that Tinubu, the only deserving and most competent presidential candidate in the upcoming election, is being supported by the North because of his (Tinubu) firm belief in nation-building, all-encompassing pedigree, firm belief in human and national development among other factors. He introduced all other candidates vying for the positions of senator, membership of the House of Representatives, Kano State House of Assembly, gubernatorial and deputy gubernatorial positions. Ganduje said: “I am presenting to all, our most competent and deserving contestants, [who are better than] other contestants from all other opposition parties.”