Primate of the Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, Most Rev. Henry Ndukuba has charged the various dioceses of the church to commit resources into healthcare services. He gave the charge in Enugu after commissioning some healthcare facilities at the Good Shepherd Specialist Hospital, Enugu, owned by the Anglican Diocese of Enugu. The Primate, who was overwhelmed by the quality of infrastructure and equipment in the hospital, described it as a challenge to other Anglican dioceses. He lauded the Archbishop of Enugu Province and Bishop of Enugu Diocese, Most Rev. Emmanuel Chukwuma, the clergy and the lay people for the projects. He said, “We have every reason to thank God for what God is doing through his servants, the Archbishop of Enugu Province and the Bishop of Enugu Diocese and through the children of G0d, the clery, the lay people and friends of this Diocese. “What we are seeing is marvellous in our eyes because here we have the state of the art equipment and facilities for good healthcare delivery. Some of the equipment that I have seen here, I have not seen such any other place and they are modern, up to date, able to carry out all the tests. This has been the bane of healthcare delivery in Nigeria. “I was discussing with one of our sons serving in America and he said that the training he had in Nigeria was enough for everything he needed to do, that what we lacked in Nigeria is equipment. “So, here we have a good mission hospital, with wonderful health personnel that are ready to give their best. “We also have members and friends that are giving us support through medical equipment that are needed.” He then charged dioceses across this nation, “the Anglican Dioceses, to engage in healthcare delivery because healthcare is part of our Christian mission. The church not only preaches the gospel to save the soul, it also engages in healing, not only through prayer but through medical practice.” “Apart from hospitals and other health clinics, we want to encourage our Dioceses to engage in pharmaceutical production. We are in need of the necessary, even the basic medications. We have wonderful hands trained in Nigeria that can do this. If we do so, there will be no need for health tourism. “If our doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals are performing well in the United States, United Kingdom and Europe, they can do better here with resources and equipment. “We are trusting that as the Church partners with the government, we will do better for the citizens. “So, I am impressed by what I have seen; we congratulate the Diocese of Enugu and the Bishop of Enugu and Archbishop of the province of Enugu for such a wonderful contribution to the healthcare delivery of our nation and our prayer is that God will bless them and the work of their hands,” he further stated. Earlier in an interview with journalists, Archbishop Chukwuma called on the Federal Government to free the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Chukwuma said the release of Kanu would douse tension in the South-East zone, stressing that it would not in any way affect the 2023 general election.