Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Indications have emerged that the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council is planning an alliance with smaller parties in a bid to boost the chances of its presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. It was gathered that the PCC and the party had been making overtures to the parties to adopt Tinubu as their standard bearer. 2. A United Kingdom-based financial watchdog, Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), has fined the British subsidiary of Nigeria’s Guaranty Trust Bank £7.6 million ($9.3 million) over a weak money laundering control system. The FCA in a statement on Tuesday said the bank failed in its anti-money laundering systems and controls. 3. The Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) has threatened to go on a nationwide strike if the federal government does not meet its demands. The association in a letter to the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire on Monday, and signed by its president, Dr Emeka Innocent Orji, said processes for the strike would commence at the end of January. 4. The police have sought information on a man who shared suspected hemp with an infant in a video that went viral on Twitter on Monday. The Force Public Relations Officer, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, said yesterday that the suspect must be made to face the full wrath of the law. 5. The Federal Government has assured that the 2023 general elections will be held as scheduled on February 25 and March 11 this year. Information and Culture Minister, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, who gave the assurance in Abuja, yesterday, dismissed the concerns by the Independent National Electoral Commission that security challenges across the country could lead to the cancellation of the polls. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday, said he has fulfilled the promise he made in his inaugural address on May 29, 2015, to stabilise the country and tackle Boko Haram. This is as he has declared that nobody can blackmail him on inexplicable wealth and illicit enrichment while in office, saying: “I do not have one square-inch outside Nigeria.” 7. Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu has condemned the attack on a train station in Igueben, Edo State charging the Federal and Edo State governments to rescue all abducted passengers. According to him, Nigeria is yet to win the war against insecurity. 8. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has denied endorsing Atiku Abubakar, presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) alongside the G-5 governors for the 2023 election. In a statement by his spokesperson, Terver Akase, yesterday, Ortom denied reports credited to him that the G-5 had resolved to work for Atiku to win the 2023 election. 9. The Sub-Saharan African broadcast satellite service, DStv, has said it has no plans of broadcasting the 2022/23 Saudi Pro League despite the arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo. The satellite broadcast station said it considered the idea of buying television rights for the Saudi Arabia topflight as “premature.” 10. An Adamawa State High Court sitting in Yola, yesterday, nullified the nomination of the Senator representing Adamawa North, Ishaku Abbo, over his expulsion from the All Progressives Congress by officials in his ward. According to the court, the lawmaker is not qualified to be re-elected.