There is palpable tension in Toru-Angiama in Patani Local Government Area of Delta State following last Monday’s alleged killing of a father and his son by suspected Fulani herdsmen. DAILY POST, gathered that the deceased father, Dennis Egbejule was shot dead on his farm while trying to rescue his son, Abednigo Egbejule, who was earlier abducted by suspected herdsmen in the community. The kidnapped victim, Abednigo was also reportedly killed in the rescue mission. According to community sources, the suspected Fulani herdsmen, who were allowed to graze inside the forest and farms in the community, had held Abednigo captive while asking his friend to get them food items from the community. Instead of going to get the food items as ordered by the suspected Fulani herdsmen, the friend went to the deceased father to report. Angered by the information, the deceased father entered the bush to rescue his son from the purported abductors but was allegedly shot dead and the son, also killed. Confirming the incident on Friday during a visit to the community, the leadership of the Ijaw Youths Council led by the Secretary, Frank Kubor, the National Spokesman, Ebilade Ekerefe, National Treasurer, Timilaemi Ebifoubo, Speaker of the Ijaw Youth Council Mobile Parliament, Bob Collins, Western Zone Chairman of the IYC, Doubra Okotete prevailed on the angry Toru-Angiama youths to stay calm and allow the Federal and State Government to intervene. The IYC National Spokesman, Ekerefe who reacted on behalf of the Council, expressed concern over the continued silence of the security agencies, the Federal and State government over the incident. He said ”Sadly, it is a shame that the State and the Federal Government are yet to condemn the dastardly act ” “This is not the first time and this is one too many where the Fulani herdsmen will enter into a community and kill their host. The Ijaw nation can not be conquered. We are peace-loving as we accommodate individuals and groups but not to the detriment of our people.” “You can not come to our land and kill our people and you expect us to keep quiet. While we are calling on our people to remain calm and peaceful, we will engage stakeholders on the appropriate action to take. We will remain vigilant and not allow a repeat. It is sad and unfortunate.” “It appears that there are external forces emboldening the Fulani herdsmen to kill our people with impunity. We will not condone it anymore. We are giving the State, Federal Government and security agencies an ultimatum to call the Fulani herdsmen to order. Nobody should test the resolve of the Ijaw Nation. Today, the peace and security the Federal Government is enjoying is because the Ijaw nation has resolved not to carry arms and ammunition but we are been provoked to carry appropriate action. Also speaking, the Paramount Ruler of the Angiama Community, Professor Ganagana Wenikade told DAILY POST, that the Federal and State Governments should respond quickly to the noticeable insecurity in the area to avoid total breakdown of law and order,” the State Government directed that we maintain peace and not allow any reprisal attack. That is what we are doing. But they should come quickly to intervene.”