Bayelsa State Governor, Senator Douye Diri, has urged youths to shun electoral violence and use their Permanent Voter Cards, PVCs, to elect credible leaders with the capacity to deliver on sustainable development, peace and economic prosperity. He maintained that the PVC is their AK-47, and they do not need any gun or machete to intimidate anyone before and after the forthcoming general elections. Senator Diri dropped the advice while addressing youths at the weekend during a programme tagged “Prosperity Youths Day 2023,” at the Ecumenical Centre in Igbogene, Yenagoa, the state capital. The governor described the PVC as a tool that confers political power on the electorate, and what they needed was the card, which he said was more powerful than an AK-47 rifle. He said: “The PVC is your AK-47. You do not need any gun or machete to intimidate anyone. Bayelsa youths are not violent but intelligent and productive. “Elections are very serious business of choosing leaders that will lead them towards prosperity, development and growth.” The state’s helmsman also urged youths to shun drug abuse and all acts of violence before, during and after the elections and stressed the need for them to key into the government’s various policies and programmes targeted at building their capacity. “Do not allow politicians to use you as canon fodders to advance their selfish political interest. They tell you lies and give you peanuts to harass and intimidate other politicians contesting with them. “Always believe in God and yourselves. Shun drug abuse and cultism. What God has for you, nobody can take it away,” he added. He also appealed to anyone involved in kidnapping and other criminal activities to have a change of heart, as the government would not condone any breach of the peace and stability of the state. Speaking on behalf of the Prosperity Youth Movement, Comrade Doubara Kumokou expressed appreciation to the governor for identifying with the youths of the state by putting in place various empowerment programmes.