The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ijesaland has been accused of destroying the campaign billboards of Gideon Aloba. Aloba is the Labour Party candidate for the Ijesa South Federal Constituency in the 2023 general elections. Aloba claimed that his campaign posters in the four local governments of Ilesa East, Ilesa West, Atakunmosa East and Atakunmosa West have been coming under sustained coordinated attacks by sponsors who are members of the PDP. The House of Representatives hopeful decried the politics of destruction, intimidation and violence in the area. He complained that seven of his campaign billboards had been destroyed by the PDP supporters between Thursday evening and Friday morning.  “The PDP supporters destroyed two of my billboards on Ilesa East, another two in Atakunmosa West and one in Atakunmosa East local governments. Two of my small billboards were also uprooted at Ifewara and Igangan. “Few months ago, some PDP thugs went to attack one of my supporters, Rabiu Ismaila and some other Labour Party members at Owode, Igangan and Olopon villages. We reported it to the police but nothing has been done till now,” he said. Meanwhile, the Osun State Government had stated via a statement by Olawale Rasheed, the spokesperson to Governor Ademola Adeleke that the sudden resurgence of violence in the State is linked to the presence of former Governor Adegboyega Oyetola. Oyetola, who is the chairman of the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Committee in Osun, was in Osogbo to launch the committee in the State in preparation for the 2023 Presidential election. Reacting, Familusi Oladele Isaiah, the PDP Ijesa South Federal Constituency Media Director in a phone chat with DAILY POST denied the allegations. According to him, “It is a very big lie from the pit of hell. PDP is not a party that can do that. By the way, who knows him in the whole of Ijesa South? “As I’m talking with you, we have reports that he is negotiating with the APC. He is being threatened by the APC to form an alliance with them because they are aware that as the ruling party, the PDP is in a better position to win all the tickets in Ijesa South. “Whatever has happened to him is a matter of agreement between him and the APC. It is not our problem.”