The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, has assured Nigerians that if voted in the forthcoming general elections, insecurity and hunger among other challenges would be adequately tackled. Atiku, who stated this during his presidential campaign rally in Minna, Niger State, said in 2015, Nigerians voted the All Progressives Congress, APC, against the PDP in their desire for change. He argued, however, that today, instead of bringing about their desired change, the APC only succeeded in plunging the nation into a myriad of problems such as insecurity, hunger, and infrastructural decay among others. Atiku said, “you said you wanted change in 2015, and you voted the APC, but, today, the party has brought insecurity, hunger and much suffering. This is the time to change the change for things to change by voting the PDP in the general elections at both national and state levels.” He also told the mammoth crowd that the Atiku/Okowa ticket, if elected, would complete the Baro Port project for the good and progress of the state. The PDP presidential candidate further said, “we would ensure unity and safety in most of your education system, hospitals and roads will be restructured.” The vice presidential candidate, and Governor of Delta State, Sen. Ifeanyi Okowa, in his remarks urged people of Niger to campaign for the party at the state and the grassroots from village to village to ensure it wins at both state and national levels. Earlier, the Director General, Campaign Atiku/Okowa Organization, and Governor of Sokoto State, Alh. Aminu Tambuwal, had accused the Muhammadu Buhari-led government of deceiving the people of Niger by commissioning the Baro Port project which is currently not functioning while urging people of the state to elect their leaders wisely and not to be deceived again in the elections. Speaking, former Niger State Governor and Chairman Presidential Campaign Committee in the state, Dr Muazu Babangida Aliyu, appealed to the people to vote for the party to ensure it succeeds in the elections. According to him, “I have brought a candidate that has experience and will help Niger state. Let us correct our mistakes which we mistakenly made. If, you trust me, vote Atiku as president and Kantigi as governor in the elections”. Similarly, the state party chairman, Bar. Tanko Beji, in his welcome address, pledged the commitment of the party to ensure the PDP emerges victorious at all levels.