Ahead of next month’s election, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar Campaign Organization said the candidate of the ruling party, All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is unfit to hold office as President of Nigeria. The former Vice President’s campaign organization also added that Tinubu is unhealthy and not as energetic as the PDP’s candidate. In a statement by one of its spokespersons, Kola Ologbondiya, Wednesday, the campaign described as ludicrous the failed attempt of Tinubu to allegedly impugn the impeccable character and integrity of Atiku. The statement read in part “It is imperative to observe that our campaign had focused on issues and refrained from Tinubu’s appalling health issues before this ignoble public dance of the Tinubu/Shettima Campaign. “However, since Tinubu by himself has opened the channels for Nigerians to examine his ill health, we have no other option than to further expose that the APC Candidate must be suffering from manifest Parkinson’s disease accompanied by incontinence. “For clarity, Parkinson’s disease is a brain disorder which symptoms include shaking hands, stiffness of limbs, difficulty with coordination, problem with balance when walking; articulation disorder, memory problems as well as general mental and physical weakness which are all being witnessed in the APC Presidential Candidate. “This perhaps accounts for the desperation, the endless gaffes, the articulation errors, the incoherence, the many blunders and disconnection from reality for which Asiwaju Tinubu has become the butt of weird jokes among Nigerians and internationally. “It is rather unfortunate that the APC Presidential Candidate, who cannot stand erect or walk up an elevation unaided, who is plagued by visible tremor of the hands, who palpitates at the slightest physical exertion and who is reported in the public space as being challenged by incontinence could attempt to speak on the health status of any Nigerian. “Moreover, some medical professionals have associated certain cases of nerve cell death with narcotic use and unhealthy lifestyle and our campaign urges Tinubu to examine himself in that regard”. “Asiwaju Tinubu should rather hide his face in shame given his malodourous activities for which well-meaning Nigerians have dissociated themselves from his Presidential Campaign. “In any case, Nigerians are aware that Tinubu is not ethically, physically, and mentally fit to hold office as the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, unlike the decent, honest, physically, mentally, and emotionally fit Atiku Abubakar, who exhibits the manifest readiness, intellectual alertness, capacity and experience to lead our nation at this critical time”.