A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Oyo State, Engineer Femi Babalola has revealed that the decision of the G-5 governors cannot affect the chances of Alhaji Abubakar Atiku, the party’s presidential candidate, in the state. Our correspondent gathered that some governors under the auspices of G-5, among whom are Nyesom Wike (Rivers) Samuel Ortom (Benue) and Seyi Makinde (Oyo) and two others, have vowed not to support Atiku. The five governors, in their argument, explained that they would not support Atiku unless the national chairman of the party, Senator Iyorcha Ayu, resigns. Babalola has, however, revealed that the decision of the five governors cannot hold water in the state. He added that with the efforts he and others have put in place, Atiku would win convincingly in the state. Babalola made these disclosures while speaking during an interview with journalists in Ibadan on Monday. He said that Makinde, who is complaining that Buhari and Atiku are from the north, is also guilty of what he was complaining of. He said that Makinde, who is from Ibadan, did not see anything wrong that he succeeded the late Abiola Ajimobi, who spent eight years in office and is also from Ibadan. Babalola said, “I can assure you that, with efforts we have put in place so far and the ongoing ones, Makinde’s stand will not affect the fortunes of Abubakar Atiku in Oyo State, which have been displayed severally. “People came out en masse, party members came out, and they were chanting Atiku! Atiku! Atiku! And they said that is the person they wanted in the presence of G5-Governors. “Atiku will win; members know their own, no matter what. The freedom walk was excellent in turnout, the stance of party members in the presence of G-5 was also another sign of victory in Oyo state. “And he is still contesting in the next election, Makinde took over from Late Governor Ajimobi after eight years, Late Ajimobi was from Ibadan, Makinde, who took over is from Ibadan but Seyi did not see anything wrong in contesting and taking over from Ajimobi”.