Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Presidency yesterday slammed former President Olusegun Obasanjo for describing the seven years of President Muhammadu Buhari in office as horrible and hell on earth for Nigerians. It described Obasanjo’s government as corrupt, adding that the former leader was morally bankrupt. 2. There are indications on Monday that moves by the Akwa Ibom State Governor, Udom Emmanuel, to persuade aggrieved Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, governors to embrace peace have failed. This came to the fore on Monday as the aggrieved governors are scheduled to visit Ibadan on Thursday for the inauguration of their Oyo State counterpart, Seyi Makinde’s campaign. 3. The Nigerian Medical Association has condemned the murder of one of its members, Dr Uyi Iluobe, who was reportedly killed by relatives of his patient at a hospital in Oghara, Delta State. Iluobe was murdered on December 31, 2022. The NMA, in a statement by its President, Dr Uche Ojinmah, on Monday, urged the National Assembly to criminalise violence against healthcare workers in the country. 4. A trigger-happy Nigerian Army officer, Abubakar Idris, attached to the Presidential Guard Brigade, on Monday, opened fire on some motorcyclists in Abuja, killing a passenger on the spot. It was gathered that the incident happened around 1 am close to a bridge along Aguiyi Ironsi Way, Asokoro, where Idris and his colleagues were stationed for guard duty. 5. A mentally unstable woman, identified only as Lara, has given birth to a baby boy on Ayileka Street, Odo-Ona, Apata, in the Ido Local Government Area of Oyo State. The lady, whose age was said to be between 25 and 30, gave birth to the baby in an uncompleted building around 3pm on Sunday. 6. The immediate past governor of Osun State, Adegboyega Oyetola, said he had a divine revelation that the candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the 2023 polls, Senator Bola Tinubu, would be elected president. Oyetola also said God told him he would return as governor of Osun State, calling on members of the party to work for the victory of all candidates of the APC at the general election. 7. Four policemen attached to a former governor of Imo State, Ikedi Ohakim, were killed when gunmen attacked the former governor’s convoy on Monday. It was gathered that the incident happened as the former governor was returning from Orieagu in Ehime Mbano area of the State. 8. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said that the endorsement of the Labour Party’s presidential candidate, Peter Obi, by former president, Olusegun Obasanjo, speaks volumes. The governor, who made the statement at a road project’s flag-off in Emohua Local Government Area of the State, said for the ex-president to endorse Obi instead of his former vice, Atiku Abubakar, something was fundamentally wrong. 9. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has vowed to apprehend underage voters and their parents if they attempt to vote during the 2023 elections. Its National Commissioner for Information and Voter Education, Festus Okoye, stated this, yesterday, during an interview on a live television programme monitored in Lagos. 10. A fresh survey conducted by Market Trends International (MTI) on all presidential candidates in the 2023 election has placed Labour Party (LP) candidate, Peter Obi, ahead of Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), and Bola Tinubu of All Progressives Congress (APC).