The Abia State Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Reconciliation Committee and the Pro-chancellor of the Federal University of Lokoja in Kogi State, Senator Chris Adighije, has said that the committee has recorded positive feats in ongoing efforts to reconcile aggrieved party members in the state ahead of the general elections in February 2023. Adighije was speaking during an interactive session with DAILY POST at his Okwu Olokoro residence in Umuahia South Local Government Area of Abia State. He noted that the reconciliation committee had enjoyed the overwhelming support and cooperation of aggrieved party members and revealed they have resolved to bury their political differences and work towards the party’s success in the upcoming elections in Abia State. DAILY POST recalls that the national leadership of the APC, chaired by Senator Abdullahi Adamu, had, in July 2022, inaugurated a reconciliation committee for the Abia chapter of the party and named Adighije as the committee chairman. The composition of the APC reconciliation committee followed the outcome of the conducted parallel gubernatorial primary election by the leadership of the party, which took place on 26th May 2022 at different venues in Umuahia, the state capital. Earlier, Adighije, who doubled as former Abia State representative at Federal Revenue Allocations, Mobilization and Fiscal Commission Abuja, further stated that the APC reconciliation committee would not leave any aggrieved members behind. The committee chairman further reminded party members that victory could not be achieved in an atmosphere of disunity and rancour hence the urgent need for all members of the APC in the state to go around and canvass votes for candidates of the party. While emphasizing the urgent unification of party members in the state ahead of the main election this year by the Independent National Electoral Commission, Senator Adighije also insisted there is no faction in the state chapter of the APC as the party remained intact and ever ready to win the general elections in February and March 2023. “We have made progress. Many of them that are aggrieved party members resolved to close ranks and work for the success of the party. It is just a few of them who vent their grievances and ill-treatment. Talks are still ongoing. “We are committed and undeterred towards securing victories in the majority of elective political offices geared at providing effective and responsive leadership for populaces in the state to access and enjoy basic dividends of democracy which shall be shrouded on impactful Infrastructure, economic stability, effective security architecture, improved education system, healthcare delivery system, improved welfare packages for Abia workers.” According to him, “it shall shroud on regular release and payment of entitlements to pensioners or retirees of the state civil service, facilitation of federal and state employment to indigent Abia citizens and residents, improved sporting activites and rest of others”. Adighije urged Abia electorates to cast their votes for candidates with the wherewithal to administer true and responsive leadership in the state and provide quality representation in federal and state parliaments in the coming general elections by Nigeria’s electoral umpire.