Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has described the dissolution of the Ekiti State executive committee of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, by the Iyorchia Ayu-led National Working Committee (NWC) of the party as an act of tyranny that will be challenged in court. The governor dared the PDP national chairman, Ayu, to suspend him or any of the G-5 governors. 2. The Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) has said it will not reverse the cash withdrawal limit guidelines issued earlier this month. NFIU, on January 5, directed banks in the country to stop executing demands for cash from public accounts, as well as payment of estacodes and travelling allowances, effective March 1, 2023. 3. Najatu Muhammad, the Director of the Civil Society directorate of the Presidential Campaign Council of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has dumped the party ahead of the 2023 general elections. She announced her resignation in a letter dated January 19, 2023, and addressed to Senator Abdullahi Adamu, national chairman of the APC. 4. The Edo State Police Command has charged eight suspects to court for the abduction of over 20 passengers and two Nigerian Railway Corporation staff on January 7, 2023, following an attack by gunmen on the Igueben Train Station in Edo Central. 5. Gunmen on Friday shot dead two persons in Mkpuma Akataka community, Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi. A native of the community, Mrs Grace Nwite, told reporters on Saturday that the hoodlums invaded the community and shot indiscriminately. 6. Niger State Police Command has arrested 33 suspects over the killing of the village head of Lambata, Alh Mohammed Abdulsafur, and the burning down of a police station. 14 of the irate youths had allegedly stormed the residence of the village head two weeks ago and inflicted serious injuries on him and his younger brother, Ibrahim Mohammed, for inexplicable reasons. 7. The governors of the 36 States of the federation under the auspices of the Nigeria Governors Forum have opposed the Central Bank of Nigeria policy on naira notes, saying that the challenges are huge. In a communique signed by Chairman of the forum, Aminu Tambuwal, the State chief executives described the challenges as problematic to the Nigerian populace. 8. Cross River communities have continued to record more tragedies as 19 persons have died and 286 hospitalised following an outbreak of Cholera in Obubra Local Government of the State. This is barely a month after about 14 persons lost their lives at Abi and Odukpani communities as a result of the same disease. 9. The All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has said he will end kidnapping, banditry and other criminal activities if elected in the forthcoming 2023 election. Tinubu gave the assurance while addressing a mammoth crowd at the APC rally in Dutse, the capital of Jigawa State, on Saturday. 10. The Spokesperson for the Obi-Datti Presidential Campaign Council, Yunusa Tanko, yesterday boasted that the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Mr. Peter Obi will get more endorsements from elder statesmen in Nigeria. Yunusa said that Obi’s presidential race was not an individual project, but rather cuts across all the States in the country.