Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, on Sunday, extended the deadline for the exchange of old naira notes by ten days. In a press statement issued on Sunday, Godwin Emefiele, the CBN governor, said the new deadline is now February 10, 2023. 2. At least 11 passengers were burnt to death beyond recognition in a fatal crash that happened on Sunday in Ondo State. The victims were said to be heading to Lagos in a luxury Marcopolo bus when they met their death on the busy Benin-Lagos highway. 3. Former Niger Delta freedom fighter, Alhaji Mujahid Asari-Dokubo has predicted a landslide victory for the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Dokubo made the declaration at the weekend while speaking at the 48th birthday celebration of Tein Jack-Rich, at Harry’s Town, Obuama, Akuku-Toru Local Government Area of Rivers State. 4. Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project, SERAP, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to direct the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, to probe the attack on Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP. In an open letter on Sunday by Deputy Director, SERAP, Kolawole Oluwadare, he also charged Buhari to caution governors to end reported suppression of campaigns of opposition parties within their States. 5. All is now set for a Federal High Court in Abuja to deliver a landmark judgment on January 30 in a suit seeking the removal of President Muhammadu Buhari from office on account of alleged illegalities in the 2019 presidential election. A notice for the judgment delivery sighted by our correspondent at the Federal Ministry of Justice in Abuja indicated that the verdict would be handed down by 9 am on Monday by Justice Inyang Edem Ekwo. 6. Rampaging gunmen struck again on Saturday night, killing two soldiers and three policemen at the Enugu-Ebonyi border. DAILY POST gathered that the gunmen, who operated in a Toyota Sienna, first killed the two soldiers at a checkpoint in Enugu before proceeding to the Enugu-Ebonyi border. 7. The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) has condemned the silence of the Federal Government and the military since the death of over 40 pastoralists and butchers in Nasarawa State. A statement over the weekend by the Public Relations Officer, Muhammad Abdullahi, said the body wants an explanation for the “seemingly intentional killings” in Rukubi village under Doma Local Government Area. 8. The former North-East Zonal Secretary of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, Dr Babayo Liman, on Sunday, said the NNPP and its presidential candidate, Dr. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, lacked the structure and capacity to rule Nigeria. Liman, who disclosed this in Jalingo, Taraba State, while addressing his supporters at a press conference, said he defected to the Peoples Democratic Party to help Atiku Abubakar win the February 25 presidential election. 9. Barely a few hours after Kano State Governor, Umar Ganduje advised President Muhammadu Buhari against visiting his State, he has now rescinded his early decision, saying the President was now free to go ahead with his scheduled Monday visit to the State. He changed his mind after he led a delegation from the State to meet with President Buhari in his country home in Daura, Katsina State, on Sunday. 10. The House of Representatives Committee investigating the removal of old currency notes from circulation has rejected the 10-day extension by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). Ado Doguwa, the Chairman of the Committee and Majority Leader of the House, in a statement on Sunday, rejected the extension and maintained that the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, must appear before the House.