Some celebrities in the entertainment industry have sympathised with the family of the famous Nigerian filmmaker and founder of the globally acclaimed film ceremony, Africa Movie Academy Awards, Peace Anyiam-Osigwe. Peace Anyiam, who was popularly called ‘the queen of Nollywood films,’ passed away on Monday in Lagos, at the St. Nicholas Hospital, after a brief illness. Following the announcement of her death, celebrities like actress Joke Silver, Ramsey Nouah, Toyin Abraham, Yul Edochie, Rita Dominic and comedian AY have taken to social media to mourn the late filmmaker. Mourning her death on her Instagram page, actress Joke Silva who noted how Peace tried to fight for her life before death, said ”death, you are bloody rude. R.I.P. Peace Anyiam-Osigwe.” Ramsey Nouah said, “My dearest Peace, it is with a heavy heart that I write this, and I wish that just maybe it’s all a nightmare I will wake up from. You had plans, there were so many grounds to break, so many heights to reach, and so many destinies waiting to take flight on the wings of your platform. The news of your death is a huge shock. You were a force, an icon and a visionary leader in Nollywood. You have written your name in the sands of time, and your legacy continues to live on. RIP dear sister.” Actress Toyin Abraham wrote, “Goodnight ma @digitalpmoglobal you chatted with me on Thursday to encourage me and promised to pop champagne for me. You told me I am so focused and hardworking. I know heaven gained an angel. Thank you so much ma, and I promise to always be focused and continue to be my own competition. Goodnight”. While sharing his last moment with the deceased, Yul Edochie said, “Life is so uncertain. Just a few weeks ago, I had a conversation with her on the phone, where she told me her plans for Nollywood in 2023 and commended me for my work. Today she’s gone. Rest well Madam Peace Anyiam-Osigwe. May God grant your family the strength to bear the loss.” Rita Dominic wrote, ”It is so difficult to say goodbye and to write RIP underneath your picture. This is not a good start to the New Year, but who I’m i a mere mortal to question the almighty. Your contributions to the growth of African cinema and Nollywood will never be forgotten. You empowered me and so many creatives in Africa through your platform. Thank you for all sis. Adieu till we meet to part no more.” Comedian Ayo Makun wrote, ”Only a woman of substance and integrity brings out everyone that I am seeing talking about you on social media and different platforms today. I can not explain how much I’d miss all your professional advice. Peace Anyiam Osigwe was an inspiration to the whole industry. Always willing to help. Everything you asked me to do about Almajiri started falling in place last year. We wish you farewell in your journey to eternity. You’d never be forgotten. Rest in peace.”