An Enugu-based couple, Mr. and Mrs. Chukwuma Okaria have cried out to the government and good-spirited individuals as their son, Chukwuzitere battles for life at National Orthopedic Hospital, Enugu. Chukwuzitere, an SSI student of Uwani Boys Secondary School, Enugu, had left the house on Boxing Day with a few of his friends, but little did he know that life would turn around for him in such a harsh way. His father, devastated, told journalists that he was away working when he received a call that something was wrong at home. “My wife called me and was crying on the phone, that Chukwuzitere is in danger. I just ended the call and ran home. “When I got to the house, I saw that my son had been totally burnt; he was in pain, he could not talk. “We rushed him to the Orthopedic Hospital, Enugu, where he was admitted to the Emergency Unit. “By God’s grace, he is out of the ICU, and is now at the ward in the hospital.” When asked what led to the incident, Mr. Chukwuma said eyewitnesses revealed that a child of another neighbour threw a knockout on his son, Chukwuzitere while he was putting on an entertainment masquerade for the Boxing Day at the Chief Ekwueme Street, in Uwani, Enugu. “I was told that as soon as he threw the knockout on him, it exploded and burst into flames. My son started running with the fire looking for help until he fell down. “I learnt that people who saw what was happening were chasing him with buckets of water. However, by the time the fire was quenched, the entire masquerade clothes were burnt completely on his body. He was totally burnt.” Although he expressed gratitude to God that his son is still alive, Mr. Chukwuma said the medical bill was now too much on the family. “Apart from the bill that was given to us when we left the Emergency Unit, we have been paying N20, 000 (Twenty thousand naira) every two days for dressing; this is excluding the money for drugs. We were moved from the Emergency Unit to the ward and that is where we are now. “It is too much on me and my wife,” he said in tears, adding: “I do menial jobs, while my wife runs a tea and bread fast-food joint at Eze Street, Uwani. “We are now completely drained; we are confused right now. I don’t know how this came upon us. “Even the family of the boy that set my son ablaze has not shown concern. The mother of the culprit was with us in the hospital on the 26th of December. But ever since then, they have not come around. “Our appeal to the government and Nigerians is to please come to our aid and save my son. We need financial help, no amount is too small. “We are still at the ward of the Orthopedic Hospital, Enugu. “We can also be reached through my phone number: 07043993752, or my Account Number: OKARIA ISRAEL- 2053502487, BANK- UBA.”