The Speaker of the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Olubunmi Adelugba as pledged the support of the legislature for the nomination and confirmation of competent women into key governmental positions in the state. Adelugba stated this at the screening and confirmation of the first woman Auditor General for Local Governments in the state, Iyadunni Victoria Oke, during a plenary held at the hallowed chambers of the Assembly in Ado Ekiti. According to a statement on Thursday by the Special Adviser (Media) to the Speaker, Odunayo Ogunmola, the nominee spoke about her experience and competence for the job after she was nominated by Governor Biodun Oyebanji. The Speaker had earlier read a letter from Governor Oyebanji presenting the nominee for screening and confirmation by the House in line with Section 126 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended). Oke was confirmed after the Speaker put her confirmation to voice vote with all the lawmakers present saying “ayes” with no dissenting voice. The nominee was asked to take a bow and go. The new Auditor General for the Local Governments hails from Usi Ekiti in the Ido/Osi Local Government Area of Ekiti and joined the service as a Grade Level 04 officer where she rose through the ranks to reach the peak of her career. Speaking during the confirmation exercise, the Speaker, Adelugba said the legislature would always be ready to support the executive by performing its function of confirming the appointment of women of substance into high political and career offices to enable them contribute to the development of the state. The Speaker noted that the nomination of Oke for the position was a fulfilment of the Governor’s promise that he would look for the best brains of Ekiti origin anywhere in the world to help him run the business of governance and deliver the best to the people of the state. Hon. Adelugba also described Oke as a virtuous woman commending Governor Oyebanji for adding another feather to Ekiti women’s caps as promised during his campaign for the state’s top job. She said: “I am so happy that she (Dr. Oke) is a woman, she is a woman of excellence. When Governor Oyebanji said it is only the best that would work with him, you will agree with him that he meant what he was saying. “We want to appreciate our Governor for looking for another woman of excellence. We in the legislature will always support the nomination and appointment of more competent and tested women into key positions in government. “I also want to add that this is an encouragement to the girl-child, it is an encouragement to women that they can rise to the peak in any sphere where they find themselves. I want to thank her husband, Prof. Oke for standing by her.” While addressing the lawmakers earlier, Dr. Oke promised to uphold the integrity of the office and ensure quality service delivery to ensure a better Ekiti, especially in the local government system. She said she had learnt the ropes on the job from not less than five Auditors General in the state and was always up to speed on the task committed to her hands. “I promise to give my best if given the chance to occupy this office. In the course of discharging my duties, I received several commendation letters. In fact, there was a time I audited the accounts of all 16 local governments even though it was not an easy task.