The presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has again accused the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) of sabotaging fuel supply in the country to blackmail the federal government. DAILY POST reports that Tinubu had while speaking during the APC presidential campaign held at the MKO Abiola stadium, Kuto, Abeokuta, Ogun State said the lingering fuel crisis and naira redesign by the Central Bank of Nigeria as part of the plot to scuttle the poll and his expected victory. “They don’t want this election to hold. They want to scuttle it. Will you allow them? They have started coming up with the issue of ‘no fuel’. Don’t worry, if there is no fuel, we will trek to cast the vote. If you like, increase the price of fuel, hide the fuel or change the ink on the naira notes, we will win the election…Let the price of fuel continue to increase, they are the ones that know where they are hoarding it. They are hoarding naira notes, they are hoarding fuel, we will vote and we will win. If you like, change the ink in the naira note, we will win the election, the opposition will be defeated,” Tinubu had said. However, the Atiku/Okowa Campaign Organization said Tinubu was lamenting over Naira redesign because the policy has frustrated his plots to use slush funds for vote buying and manipulative schemes. But speaking on Wednesday in Makurdi, Benue State capital, at the APC presidential campaign rally, Tinubu said that while in power, PDP administration gave fuel retail licenses to their supporters and sympathisers. Tinubu in a statement issued Wednesday by his Media Office and signed by Abdulaziz Abdulaziz emphasised that PDP’s supporters and sympathisers are now hoarding fuel to create long queues across the country and making Nigerians suffer. Tinubu said: “They met good oil prices for 16 good years, they didn’t remember gas pipelines, they are what I called saboteurs yesterday. They gave PMS license to their supporters and sympathisers. They are the ones who started creating fake queues. PDP, enough is enough.” Taking further jabs at Atiku Abubakar, APC Presidential candidate noted that the PDP candidate didn’t know that he broke the civil service rule in Nigeria when he said he was doing transport business when he was in Customs Service. “They asked him, you are so rich, where did you get your money from, and he said from doing transport business. He didn’t know that was an offence. The only thing you are allowed to do as a civil servant is farming.”