Flutterwave is collaborating with Multichoice Africa on the continent’s largest reality TV franchise, Big Brother, with a special edition tagged Big Brother Titans. Reality TV lovers and pop culture fans across Africa and the world are in for a big ride for 72 days from January 15th, 2023. Big Brother Titan, currently airing on DStv 198 and GOtv channel 29 and streamed live on Showmax, is a fusion of two of the largest reality shows in Africa – Big Brother Naija and Big Brother Mzansi. The new season features housemates from Nigeria and South Africa in one Big Brother House vying for the Titan crown worth $100,000 in cash and other exciting prizes. This season is themed “Rise of the Giants” and is touted to promote African unity and excellence through entertainment. The show is co-hosted by Ebuka Obi-Uchendu and Lawrence Maleka, available 24/7 to audiences in the US, UK, Republic of Ireland, and over 40 African countries, 34 of which Flutterwave is active in. Flutterwave plans to leverage its reach across Africa to spotlight members of its small business community to help them grow and expand their businesses. The spotlight campaign was earlier launched during the BBNaija Season 7, where FootCity, Avoir Jewelry, Famasi Africa, and other SMEs all received free exposure which helped them increase sales. Speaking on the partnership, Head of Content, MultiChoice Nigeria, Dr. Busola Tejumola said “Entertainment is a universal language, and we are excited to bring together two of Africa’s powerhouses who speak that language fluently. “With Big Brother Titans, the entire continent of Africa is about to be immersed in entertainment rarely seen on any reality TV show. We are ready and glad to partner with companies like Flutterwave to make this a reality.” Paul Harris, Country Manager, Flutterwave South Africa, said the collaboration with Big Brother Titans speaks to the company’s extensive reach across the continent. “The show is being broadcasted across 40 African countries, an opportunity to support businesses in these countries. “Big Brother Titans opens up more opportunities for SMEs on Flutterwave to access a larger audience. With this sponsorship, we’re telling businesses in Africa, wherever they are, that they can start anywhere and go far,” Harris noted.