The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday, alleged a plot by President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government of ‘systemically killing’ its leader, Nnamdi Kanu in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, alleged that the Federal Government was carrying out its plot through starvation by giving him only bread and water twice a day. According to a statement he signed, Powerful said: “We, the global family and movement of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) led and commanded by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu wish to bring to the attention of the general public the clandestine plan of the Nigeria Government using its secret security agency, the DSS, to eliminate the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra Mazi Nnamdi Kanu currently detained in their custody through poisoning, drug abuse and starvation. “The secret police wants to eliminate Mazi Nnamdi Kanu through a silent and systematic process of gradual starvation by giving him only bread and water twice a day, and drug abuse by providing him insufficient medication for his known ailment while in their solitary confinement facility in Abuja. “Their intention is to experiment and replicate the starvation of 1967-1970 on the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra. For the first time, we have seen Nnamdi Kanu complained about his life. He complained very sadly that he is dying slowly.” Powerful also disclosed that DSS had denied Kanu sufficient access to his doctors. “He also complained bitterly that the DSS has subjected him to drug abuse as medication required for two weeks [is] provided for only eight days. He complained that he hasn’t been allowed to see any doctor since [the] second week of December 2022 and DSS has refused to take him to the doctor in spite of his deteriorating health. “He says he feels his internal organs are badly affected yet the DSS refused to take him to a hospital. He also complained bitterly about pain and sound in his left ear where he was tortured in Kenya,” he added.