Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, has condemned the killing of people across Southeast States by unknown gunmen. The group made this known in a statement signed by the National Director of Information, MASSOB, Samuel Edeson and made available to newsmen on Friday. It called on prominent leaders of Ndigbo to unite and fight against the continuous killings of innocent citizens. 2. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday, alleged of a plot by President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to ‘systematically kill’ its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB, alleged that the Federal Government was carrying out its plot through starvation by giving him only bread and water twice a day. 3. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila has urged election observer missions and monitors in Nigeria to get balanced views by speaking to a broad range of stakeholders before making their conclusions on the outcome of the forthcoming general elections. He spoke when a delegation of the European Union Election Observation Mission to Nigeria, led by Mr. Barry Andrews, visited him at the National Assembly in Abuja on Friday. 4. Ahead of the 2023 general election, the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has raised the alarm about attempts by foreign hackers to break into the commission’s database. INEC Chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, disclosed this in Abuja on Thursday at the annual National Conference of the National Association of Judiciary Correspondents, NAJUC, with the theme, ‘2023 General Elections; Judiciary and Sustainability of Nigeria’s Democracy.’ 5. The National Working Committee, NWC, of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has suspended its Ebonyi State chapter chairman, Okorie Tochukwu Okoroafor. PDP NWC made this known at the end of its emergency meeting in Abuja on Friday. 6. The federal government has extended the deadline for the registration of Digital Money lenders, DMLs, till 27th March 2023 to prevent market disruption. This is contained in a statement on Friday by the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission, FCCPC, Executive Vice Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, Babatunde Irukera. 7. The Supreme Court on Friday affirmed Samuel Ifeanyi Onuigbo as the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Abia Central Senatorial District in next month’s general election. The apex court, in a unanimous judgment delivered by Justice Emmanuel Agim, dismissed the appeal filed by Emeka Atuma, challenging the decision of the Court of Appeal for lacking in merit. 8. Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke, on Friday reacted to his defeat at the Osun State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Osogbo. In a statement signed by his spokesman, Mallam Olawale Rasheed, Adeleke described it as a miscarriage of justice. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, G-5 governors stormed Enugu State on Friday for the flag-off of the party’s campaign. At the event were the Governor of Enugu State and the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Enugu North Senatorial District, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike of Rivers State, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Friday in Daura, his hometown, said he fled home to join the Nigerian Army amidst growing pressure for him to get married. According to a statement signed by the President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, Buhari revealed this when he visited the Emir of Daura, Faruk Faruk, after unveiling two roads.