With a few weeks to the commencement of the 2023 general elections, Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo has been accused of holding grudges against the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. This is coming from the National President of Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, Yerima Shettima. DAILY POST reports that Osinbajo has been noticeably absent from Tinubu’s presidential campaigns so far, unlike President Muhammadu Buhari. Recall that Osinbajo endured a frosty relationship with Tinubu during the APC presidential primaries in 2022, as followers of the latter believed that the Vice President should have backed his political godfather. During the APC primaries, some staunch supporters of Tinubu had tagged Osinbajo a traitor, a betrayer and Judas, for daring to stand against the former governor of Lagos State. One of such supporters, Tolu Babaleye had said: “This is the week that Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus Christ in the Christian calendar. Same week Osinbajo betrayed Tinubu. Same week is not a mere coincidence. May God be with Tinubu in Pilates’ Court.” DAILY POST had reported that Joe Igbokwe, the Special Adviser for Drainage and Water Resources to Governor Babajide Sanwo- Olu, also subscribed to the notion of a betrayer. “Is this how we will pay Asiwaju for helping to lift us up? This monumental betrayal has no part 2. I am totally diminished as a mortal who understands very well the meaning and the power of loyalty,” he said then. Speaking on Osinbajo’s absence, the AYCF President, Shettima, said Tinubu does not deserve the kind of treatment he gets from President Muhammadu Buhari and Osinbajo. Shettima accused Osinbajo of holding grudges against Tinubu since his defeat at the APC presidential primary election. He said Buhari and Osinbajo should come out boldly if they are against Tinubu. He told DAILY POST: “It’s very unfortunate that in recent times things have not been going well; however, Tinubu does not deserve what he’s getting from Osinbajo and Buhari; no matter how bad it is, he has paid his dues and has stood by them. He deserves better than the support they are giving to him. “If they are truly with him, they should demonstrate it; if they are not, then they should openly come out and say so. When Obasanjo was in power, in 2006, we could see his body language on how he worked day and night to stand by Yar’ Adua. “He had gone out of his way to campaign for the presidential candidate. Even in the absence of the presidential candidate, Obasanjo was moving around campaigning because he was willing to ensure that his successor came into power. “This time around, the President and the Vice President are sitting on the fence, even the governors are not sincere. “Some of these APC governors are not sincere, that is why it would be difficult for the APC presidential candidate, Tinubu, to rely on these governors, they may disappoint him because theirs is to negotiate even with the opposition. He should go down, liaise and be discussing with Nigerians, CSOs, and organisations and not rely on governors. “Tinubu has less than five governors with him, the others are just supportive. The earlier he moves and changes strategy, the better for him. “His running mate, Shettima should move and do better than he’s doing in the Northern part of this country; people are not feeling his impact. The 2023 election has gone beyond propaganda. “There is a crack in the APC because Osinbajo has never campaigned, he has never gone anywhere. He still holds grudges; power is given and taken by God. If truly he’s a man of God, he should have known that what is not yours can never be yours. If it’s not part of his destiny, it can never be his. “That was how God wanted it, there is no reason to hold any grudges. Look at what Amaechi, Osinbajo, and others are doing; it tells you there is a crack in the APC. “I’m calling on Tinubu to rise up to the occasion and not to over-rely on those governors. “He should get down to the people within this short period and see what will happen. If he’s relying on governors, he will be shocked at what will happen. He should change strategy and method by ensuring all his followers are on their feet. For Osinbajo, he has shown that he’s not with Tinubu.”