Seasonal influenza is an acute respiratory infection caused by influenza viruses which circulate in all parts of the world1. It is a serious condition that can lead to severe complications such as heart attacks and strokes and has a huge human, societal and economic impact Flu is a contributing factor to five out of the top 10 deaths globally(15), with 3 to 5 million severe influenza cases reported worldwide. The WHO estimates that flu may be responsible for an estimated 290,000 to 650,000 respiratory deaths per year worldwide(11,12,13), with a global burden of about 10 million influenza-related hospitalizations every year(15). According to a recent study, one is 10 times more likely to have a heart attack in the week after being diagnosed with the flu and eight times more likely to have a stroke2 People over 65 years of age are most susceptible to flu and its complications, because the immune system deteriorates with age (immunosenescence), and experience a higher risk of influenza-associated morbidity and mortality. 50-70% of hospitalizations occur in people aged over 65 and 70-85% of flu-related deaths occur in this age group3 Those with other chronic conditions such as asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), heart disease and diabetes are at greater risk of flu-related complications than the general population. For example, people with heart conditions are 10x more likely to die from flu complications4 and diabetes triples the risk of hospitalization for flu complications and quadruples the risk of intensive care unit (ICU) admission once in hospital5. Furthermore, flu can cause increased exacerbations in asthma and COPD patients6. Because age increases susceptibility to infection, older adults are the most at risk for influenza infection and serious outcomes,. Influenza infection can contribute to functional decline, or a senior’s inability to recover back to full prior functional capacity once the infection has passed. Adults aged 65+ represent 9 in 10 influenza-related deaths and 63% of influenza-related hospitalizations. Flu vaccination is the most effective way to protect yourself, those around you who may be more vulnerable to the disease and the wider economy8 Flu vaccination is especially important for people at high risk of flu complications, and for people who live with or care for the people at high risk16 Hence, WHO recommends annual vaccination for16: Pregnant women at any stage of pregnancy Children aged between 6 months to 5 years Elderly individuals with chronic medical conditions Individuals with chronic medical conditions Health-care workers As a nation, and a global community, we are facing extraordinary times as a result of COVID-19 and there is a real threat of a second wave coinciding with the upcoming flu season, which would place huge pressure on an already-stretched health system Sanofi Pasteur is committed to developing and manufacturing innovative flu vaccines to protect people of all ages and health statuses. Sanofi Pasteur is the world’s largest manufacturer of innovative influenza vaccines, offering effective vaccines to protect people at every stage of life, including over 65s, at-risk groups and the general population. Sanofi Pasteur now produces more than 220 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine representing a significant proportion of the global supply. Sanofi Pasteur has developed the first ever influenza vaccine to use recombinant technology, a precise and innovative manufacturing process which generates an exact genetic match to the selected influenza virus strains. Quadrivalent influenza vaccine (QIV) is a well-established standard dose quadrivalent suitable for under 65s with or without comorbidities, pregnant women, healthcare workers and ex-COVID patients. This recombinant quadrivalent (QIVr) provides greater coverage and protection for the under 65s at-risk populations and has proven efficacy and safety as shown by large clinical trials9 ASK YOUR DOCTOR FOR A FLU VACCINE TODAY
References Seasonal Influenza. Available at: https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/influenza-(seasonal) Warren-Gash, et al. Laboratory-confirmed respiratory infections as triggers for acute myocardial infarction and stroke: a self-controlled case series analysis of national linked datasets from Scotland. European Respiratory Journal 2018 51: 1701794; DOI: 10.1183/13993003.01794-2017. Available at: https://erj.ersjournals.com/content/51/3/1701794