Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has assured that Nigeria will support the Republic of Burundi in diverse ways as necessary in the spirit of African solidarity and brotherliness. The President gave the assurance Tuesday at the State House, Abuja, while receiving the Special Envoy of President Evariste Ndayishimiye. 2. Soccer icon, Pele was buried in his final resting place Tuesday as millions of fans in Brazil and around the world mourned the sports legend. Newly inaugurated President, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva paid his respects at Vila Belmiro, the stadium where Pelé played for most of his career. 3. Some students of the Federal Government College, Ijanikin, Lagos State, have been caught after absconding from school to lodge female colleagues in hotels for sex romps. It was gathered that the students, who were all boarders, had on different occasions jumped the school’s fence with their female counterparts and stayed out of school for days. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has cautioned Nigerians against a purported portal for the recruitment of ad hoc staff for the 2023 general elections. This was contained in a statement issued yesterday in Abuja, by Mr Rotimi Oyekanmi, chief press secretary to INEC chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu. 5. Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State has cautioned eligible voters in the State against selling their Permanent Voters’ Cards (PVCs). Speaking during their campaign tours of Binji and Tangaza LGAs yesterday, the governor alleged that some people were buying PVCs in their attempt to rig the forthcoming elections in the State. 6. Former Imo State Governor, Mr. Ikedi Ohakim is still in shock over Monday’s attack on his convoy by gunmen at Oriagu, Ehime Mbano, saying that his attackers were on a mission to assassinate him. Although four of his police orderlies, including a driver, lost their lives in the attack, the former governor and his two children who were with him during the incident were fortunate to escape unhurt. 7. Ex-Federal Commissioner for Information and South-South Leader, Chief Edwin Clark, on Tuesday, endorsed the Presidential Candidate of Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi for the forthcoming poll. Clark, who addressed journalists in Abuja, declared that with the former Anambra governor as President of Nigeria, the country would be more united. 8. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, yesterday, commended former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, over his endorsement of the Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi as the right person to win this year’s presidential election, saying that the LP candidate will provide the leadership that Nigerians desire. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday signed the N21.8 trillion 2023 budget into law. Buhari made the disclosure in a live broadcast on Tuesday, saying the signing will avoid delay in the 2023 budget implementation. 10. No fewer than 6.7 million Nigerians are yet to collect their permanent voter cards less than eight weeks to the general elections. Data obtained from the State offices of the Independent National Electoral Commission on Tuesday revealed that 6.7 m PVCs were locked up in INEC safes across 17 States and the Federal Capital Territory.