Former Niger Delta freedom fighter, Alhaji Mujahid Asari- Dokubo, has predicted a landslide victory for the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Asari Dokubo, who also rallied the Kalabari Kingdom to support the APC in the forthcoming 2023 presidential elections, declared that it is only Tinubu that can protect Kalabari land and develop the kingdom. He made the declaration on Saturday while speaking at the 48th birthday celebration of Tein Jack-Rich, at Harry’s Town, Obuama, Akuku-Toru Local Government Area of Rivers State. According to him, with Jack-Rich holding a significant and prominent position in the Tinubu campaign structure, a victory for Tinubu would place the Kalabari Kingdom in a pole position to benefit from the government. Asari- Dokubo who spoke in the Kalabari language and English urged the people of the Kingdom to support Jack-Rich in his assignment as Chairman Finance Committee of the Tinubu campaign. He said: “If Asiwaju Bola Tinubu wins, Kalabari would be on top with Tein Jack-Rich. Tein Jack-Rich needs us. The direction he points to us politically is where we should follow because if we don’t follow, we would cry and cry again. Are we going to cry and cry again? Kalabiri this is the time. We are political. In the presidential election, we are going to vote for the one that our people are very strategic and close to. I can walk into the bedroom of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. Trust me, you know me. I have paid my dues. Bola Tinubu is the person that can secure Kalabari people, if you throw your votes away, don’t blame anybody.” Speaking further on the presidential election, he said the chiefs of villages in Kalabari Kingdom have used the occasion to declare that they are in support of the work Tein Jack-Rich is doing in the Tinubu campaign and would vote for Tinubu in the 2023 presidential election. “Tein Jack-Rich is representing the interest of our people. He occupies a significant and prominent position in the Asiwaju Bola Tinubu campaign structure. We are celebrating him and giving him our full support on his 48th birthday. The whole Kalabari gathered, all the chiefs from Kalabiri villages gathered and all have endorsed him to represent and speak for them. They have said, come the presidential election, they are going to support Tinubu to become the next President of Nigeria,” he said. Asari- Dokubo predicted a clear victory for Tinubu, noting that going by antecedents, other frontliners who were former governors and former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar cannot stand the record of achievements of Tinubu. “Go to Lagos, two frontliners contesting with him are former governors, except Atiku who was Vice-President. Let us compare their records and see how they performed. What Ahmed Tinubu did in Lagos, he would replicate in Nigeria. Tinubu will win very clearly,” he added.