Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has prayed for a new Nigeria where peace and security will be guaranteed even as he tasks citizens to join the vanguard to rescue the country from all forms of malaise. This was contained in his new year message issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur. According to the CPS, the governor opined that the vision of a new Nigeria can be realised “if we consciously participate in the electoral process to elect credible leaders into various offices in 2023.” Governor Ortom canvassed for an egalitarian society where every citizen is free to ply his or her legitimate trade according to the dictates of law and order in any part of the country without fear of molestation or intimidation. Ortom stated that it has become imperative that citizens refrain from mundane issues of religious or ethnic biases, just as he enjoined the Federal Government to strive to address issues of insecurity threatening the corporate existence of Nigeria objectively in a manner that gives everyone hope and comfort. He decried the unpalatable security situation in 2022 and tasked security agents and all men of goodwill to do more to arrest the deteriorating situation in a manner akin to saying, “ Enough is Enough. Never again should Nigeria be left in the hands of terrorists in 2023 and beyond for the benefit of generations yet unborn.” On his part in Benue, he said the state government had strengthened the Benue State Community Volunteer Guards and Livestock Guards with more vehicles and motorcycles to complement the services of the conventional security agencies in the state to contain the activities of terrorists and criminals in the state. He reiterated his earlier advice to the people of the State to always cooperate with security agencies by providing useful information and all necessary assistance that would facilitate their operations, saying, “security agencies cannot do it alone except citizens complement their untiring efforts.” Governor Ortom wished Nigerians a peaceful and prosperous new year, 2023 that promises prosperity of the people inspite of the security and economic challenges facing the nation.