The World Health Organisation says neglected tropical diseases globally, have continued to plague the poorest members of communities, especially in areas where water safety, sanitation and access to health care are inadequate. The global health agency said although millions have been liberated from the burden of neglected tropical diseases, many are still trapped by the disease in a cycle of poverty and stigma. In a new report titled “Global report on neglected tropical diseases 2023,” the WHO said about 1.65 billion people were estimated to require treatment for at least one NTD, globally. It said about 16 countries accounted for 80% of the global NTD burden and as many as 179 countries and territories reported at least one case of NTDs in 2021 alone. However, the new progress report indicated that the number of people requiring NTD interventions fell by 80 million between 2020 and 2021, while eight countries were certified NTD’s free in 2022. ‘‘As of December 2022, 47 countries had eliminated at least one NTD and more countries were in the process of achieving this target, said the report. Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO Director-General speaking on the report said despite the progress made, there was still a lot of work to be done. “Around the world, millions of people have been liberated from the burden of neglected tropical diseases, which keep people trapped in cycles of poverty and stigma. ‘‘The good news is, we have the tools and the know-how not just to save lives and prevent suffering, but to free entire communities and countries of these diseases. It’s time to act now, act together, and invest in NTDs.” Dr Tedros has now asked country leaders to invest in efforts to eliminate neglected tropical diseases. ‘‘The new report emphasizes greater efforts and investments required to reverse delays and accelerate progress towards the NTD road map targets by 2030. Promoting country ownership and accountability, as well as the sustainability and predictability of financing, including more robust domestic funding, are key to achieving the NTD road map goals and enabling countries to deliver on their commitments to provide quality NTD services to affected populations’’