A bandit has been killed and others repelled by the operatives of the Kaduna State Police Command while attempting to kidnap a citizen in the State. This was contained in a statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Muhammad Jalige, on Sunday. He explained that the police recorded a major breakthrough as operatives attached to Rigachikun Division on Saturday, 14th January, 2023, at about 0100hours received a distress call that armed bandits have invaded the residence of one Umar Ibrahim at Amana Maimadachi village. The statement said, “Upon receipt of the distress report, the crack operatives alongside other local security stakeholders swiftly mobilized and moved to the location where they engaged the bandits and thwarted their attempt to kidnap law abiding citizens.” According to the statement, one of the armed bandits clad in military camouflage uniform was neutralized, while others escaped with serious gunshots injuries into the bush. Recovered from the neutralized bandit, the statement explained, was a serviceable AK-47 rifle loaded with four (4) rounds of live ammunition. In a related development, operatives of the Command attached to Saminaka Division, acting on credible information, launched a successful operation on Friday, 13th January, 2023, at Warsa Piti Area of Saminaka Lere Local Government Area where they arrested two bandits, Dauda Yusuf ‘m’ 35yrs, and Sani Ibrahim ‘m’ 30yrs. It said a locally fabricated GPMG rifle with its six (6) rounds of live ammunition and a Dane gun were equally recovered when a thorough search was conducted on them. It added that the suspects confessed to the ownership of the weapons upon preliminary investigation and are currently assisting the Police in investigation, at the end of which they will be charged to court. CP Y.A Ayoku, the Kaduna State Commissioner of Police, hailed the commitment of the operatives and ordered for rigorous patrol of the general area to arrest the fleeing wounded bandits and a thorough investigation of those arrested.