Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum said security has improved in the state and 2023 elections can hold without hindrance. He gave the stability rate at 90 per cent, shortly after he met with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa Abuja on Friday. The meeting with President Buhari afforded the governor the opportunity to give an update on the rehabilitation and resettlement process for IDPs in the state. Zulum while interacting with reporters covering the State House ruled said: “There is no place without some level of security challenge; Borno State government had received support from the federal government and the military, and we have been able to make much progress at restoring the state to its former peaceful state.” Commenting on the forthcoming general elections, Zulum stated: “People of Borno State voted during the 2015 elections. They also voted during the 2019 elections. Can you compare the security situation in 2019, 2011 and now? We can beat our chest to say that the security in Borno has improved tremendously by over 90%. So we don’t have any problem.” He said further: “Eligible voters can go out and cast their votes on the appointed election day, Insha Allah, in Borno State, we don’t have any security problem.” On the resettlement of IDPs especially returning them to their original homes, the governor said all the official IDP camps within the Maiduguri metropolis had been dismantled or shut down indefinitely, noting that all unofficial ones will equally be shut down in a few months’ time. “Resettlement is not something easy, it will take a very long time, but the most important thing is that those that are very much in need to be resettled will be resettled. But most importantly, we have closed down all official IDP camps within Maiduguri Metropolitan Council and Jere Local Government Area, as I said one year ago. “For now, we don’t have any official IDP camp within Maiduguri Metropolitan Council. The unofficial camps will also be closed in the next few months,” he said. On claims that some parts of the state are still under the control of insurgents, he said: “Even in the developed world we still have some pockets of insecurity, but by and large, we have succeeded a lot. Over 90% of our security station has been improved.” He added: “We on our own have noticed improvement in terms of security in our State. In Borno State, we are doing very well now. Our rehabilitation and resettlement are also going very well. We are looking forward to see how we can rehabilitate Maiduguri-Gomboru/Ngala Road and then Maiduguri-Banki Road, with a view to opening up opportunities for the people to earn their means of livelihood.” Commenting on his re-election bid, and his chances of clinching a second term Zulum said “it is impossible to question the destiny of God.”