Ekiti State Government restated its commitment to proper funding of tertiary institutions in the state to protect and preserve the reputation of the state as the “Fountain of Knowledge.” Ekiti State Deputy Governor Monisade Afuye gave the assurance on Thursday while playing host to the Provost of the College of Health Sciences and Technology, Ijero Ekiti, Dr Olajumoke Cecelia Adebayo in her office in Ado Ekiti. Responding to the management’s demand that government should upgrade the college to a polytechnic so it can access funds at the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETfund), Mrs Afuye, insisted that the arrangement must “fully comply with due process.” A statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Victor Ogunje, advised the college to write a new brief as stipulated by law and convince the state government that such upgrading will revitalise the institution to offer qualitative education. Mrs Afuye stated that the government of Governor Oyebanji holds the college in high esteem, having produced middle-class health officials and graduates that are performing exceedingly well in society. Mrs Afuye said: “Ekiti State Government has high regard for the College of Health Sciences and Technology owing to the fact that their graduates are performing exceptionally in their places of work. We gave so many proofs to substantiate this fact. “But regarding upgrading of the College to a higher pedestal, the government understand the ways of putting it to the leadership of the House of Assembly to pass the law to effect this, but there must be verifiable evidence to convince the government that such will be in the best interest of the College. “I will advise that you write a new brief on why the College should be upgraded to a polytechnic. Let us know the benefits in the areas of infrastructure and funding since its elevation won’t cost the state any financial burden. “ She added: “Let me assure you that Governor Oyebanji is going to fulfil all his promises, but give us little time to think about all your demands and take the normal steps”. Justifying that the College deserves upgrading in her submission, the College Provost, Dr Adebayo, said such an arrangement will resolve perennial infrastructural and financial deficits pummeling the institution. She added: “Infrastructure in our College is very low because we can’t access funds at TETfund. Some of the universities and polytechnics’ projects are funded through Tetfund, but because we are monotechnic, we can’t access these funds.” The college, she disclosed, was granted a tertiary status 10 years ago, but without any grant to institute projects.