Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has accused the Federal Government of complicity in herdsmen attacks on citizens of the state, saying the wanton killings has been his pain since 2015. He made the accusation Sunday, when he paid a visit to victims of recent herdsmen attacks at the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camp at Abagena. Some of the hospitalised victims are receiving treatment at the Benue State University Teaching Hospital (BSUTH), Makurdi. DAILY POST recalls that suspected herdsmen had unleashed an attack on the camp last Friday, killing and injuring some of the victims. Among those who the governor consoled were an aged woman, Esther Num who suffered injury as a result of gun shot on her waist; a 14 year old Emberga Ukpoor had her hand chopped off and Terna Ikyaan, also sustained gun shot injury in the abdomen. Others included a 14 year old Kwaghve Terkimbi, who had his ear chopped-off while Agber Ikyume, Regina Gbashaor and Eunice Iyua were inflicted with various degree of injuries. Lamenting the situation, Ortom said, “This has been my pain, since 2015, I have cried out loud, insisting that the Federal Government is complicit on the issues of terrorism, raising Fulanis in Niger from Futa Jalon (Senegal), Cameroon, Mauritania and Libya and other parts of the world, to come to Nigeria and take it and make it their country. “My greatest pain is that these people have not hidden their intentions and they are known. The Federal Government is protecting them. “I have called for the arrest of the leadership of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore several times. I have written to the Presidency. I have written to DSS, I have written to the Police, yet they are adamant. It is not that these people are not known, they are known”. According to the Governor, once the Federal Government decides that these acts of terrorism against our people be put to an end, that will be it. But at the moment they are complicit. They are working with them to push for the take-over of this country and make this country a Fulani nation.