The Media Assistant to Gov Udom Emmanuel, Reverend Richard Peters has described the allegations making rounds on social media that Governor Emmanuel gave an order that Senator Akpabio’s wife, Unoma should not be allowed entrance into the government house as cheap blackmail and attempts by the peddler to gain publicity. Ata Ikiddeh, an ex-aide to former governor, Godswill Akpabio, had in an article published on his Facebook wall claimed that Mrs Unoma Akpabio was not allowed entrance to the Government House, Uyo on the orders of Gov. Emmanuel. He said the incident took place when Mrs Akpabio went to the government house to deliver a letter from President Muhammadu Buhari to Gov. Emmanuel. The letter, according to him, contained the president’s communication to the governor on his (Buhari) decisions on police reforms and other demands of the Nigerian youths during the EndSARS protests, for onward dissemination to residents in the state, adding that a similar letter was sent to other governors. But Udom’s media Aide, Peters in a press conference on Monday said Ikiddeh’s belated outburst “was just to seek attention and publicity after years of being politically irrelevant.” “This is laughable. There is no truth in the article, as the Udom Emmanuel we all know would never stoop so low to do that.
Gov. Emmanuel does not keep malice. He flows with everyone. For instance, Umana O Umana is of the opposition APC but has a good relationship with Gov. Emmanuel who is in PDP. There are others like that from the opposition APC who go to the government house and meet with the governor, and Unoma Akpabio would not have been an exception.” The Media Aide noted that Akpabio, then the minister of Niger Delta Affairs, was meant to personally present the letter to Governor Emmanuel but he delegated the responsibility to his wife, just to treat the governor in disdain. “Besides, the letter in question was to be delivered by the ministers to their respective governors and liaise on how to address the security situation in the country as at then. All other ministers delivered theirs by themselves. Even Rotimi Amaechi went to Rivers State government house to deliver his. That, on its own shows, respect for the office of the governor. Akpabio sent his wife, who was not a minister, in direct breach of the president’s directives. But that is not a subject of focus today. “It is worthy of note that Akpabio chose to send his wife simply to ridicule Gov. Udom Emmanuel. He deliberately did that in an attempt to humiliate the governor, perhaps to send a clear message that Gov. Emmanuel does not deserve to sit with him. Every right-thinking individual who was in Gov. Emmanuel’s shoes would have avoided such a meeting. “Gov. Emmanuel did not in any way treat Unoma Akpabio disdainfully as painted by Akpabio’s aide. He is not that type. He does not play politics with relationships, and would not have started then. The governor was open for talks on how to end the Endsars protest which was an issue of concern at that time.” Peters added.