Governor Ademola Adeleke of Osun State has said for the survival of Nigeria to be maintained, there was a need for the sacrifices of men and women of the Nigerian Armed Forces to be continually acknowledged. Adeleke made this known in his address at the launching of emblems for the 2023 armed forces remembrance day on Thursday at the Osun State Secretariat, Abere. While noting that the launching of the emblem provided another period to mark and remember the sacrifices of the armed forces personnel, Adeleke added that the occasion was also to place a debt of gratitude to them for paying the supreme sacrifice. In his words, “This occasion is another significant period to mark and remember the sacrifices of men of the armed forces. “We are here to place a debt of gratitude to men who paid the supreme sacrifice. “Government must continue to acknowledge the contributions of the armed forces to the survival of the nation.” While assuring of the commitment of his government to expand the cooperation with the military, he added that the recognition will be accorded service personnel and veterans and their families for the service to their fatherland. “Government is recommitted to the well being of the service personnel and the veterans and their families in recognition of their service to the fatherland.” Earlier in his welcome address, the Osun Chairman, Nigerian Legion, Oladipo Abioye Peter beseeched Governor Adeleke to attend to the standing requests on the advancement of the Nigerian Legion in the state. “I wish to use this opportunity to inform our State Patron and the Governor of Osun State of our long standing requests on following vital issues of importance to the advancement of the Nigerian Legion in Osun State viz approval of Monthly Subvention to State Headquarters and Area offices of Nigerian Legion in the State. “Issuance of mandatory letter of support and full participation by Local Governments and LCDA’s in the State during the event of annual Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration and as at when necessary. “Provision of official vehicle, to the state headquarters to ease our leginic movement to National Seminars, Retreats, Meetings etc and also to inter-State and State’s assignments. “Permit me to add that, the afore-mentioned demands are been enjoyed by our counterparts in South-West in particular, States for long and in other States of the Federation and that we are always at the mercy of our neighbouring States, Oyo State in particular while travelling to National call.”