The House of Representatives, on Tuesday, called on heads of security agencies to comb forests in Ebonyi State being used by arsonists. It said that the height of killings going on was unacceptable. In the adopted resolution by the lower legislative Chamber, the lawmakers called on the Chief of Army Staff to set up a military checkpoint at Amaeze Expressway, Ishiagu, Ivo LGA, Ebonyi State. This followed a motion of urgent national importance sponsored by Hon. Makwe Livinus Makwe representing Ohaozara/Onicha/Ivo Federal Constituency of Ebonyi State. The lawmaker explained that the brutal killing of Ejike Egwu and numerous others by terrorists ravaging farmlands and rural communities in Amaeze and the setting ablaze of his corpse was a gory incident. He revealed that eight bandits suspected to be Fulani men, fully armed with AK-47 rifles, attacked Amaeze community farmland and killed farmers on November 28, 2022, and since then nothing had been done. He further explained: “In the attack, Mr Ejike Egwu was killed on the spot and his body set ablaze, while Mr Onyekachi Nwaeni sustained severe, life-threatening gunshot wounds and has been lying critically ill at the intensive care unit of the hospital where he was rushed to after the attack. “Others, Messrs. Benard Ajah, Nwachukwu Promise and Chibuzor Aroh, who escaped with various degrees of injuries, are receiving treatment in a local hospital.” The lawmaker wondered how serial killings have been going on without a challenge from security agents, adding that on January 9, 2022, the trio of Messrs Orji Anthony, Ogonna (both from Amaeze community) and Ajah Uka (from Ihietutu community), were shot and their bodies butchered and littered all over Amaeze farm road. He further drew the attention of the lower legislative Chamber to another gruesome murder of Chukwuemeka Benjamin Ajah on May 18, 2022, while on the same day, another constituent, Ogbonnaya Ngwoke was critically injured in their farms. “Before then, in September 2020, Miss Nwada Chinenye was attacked and butchered with knife, with one of her arms almost cut off from her body,” he said. After deliberations, the plenary, which was presided over by the Speaker, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, condemned the attacks and upheld the prayers, calling on the Inspector-General of Police, and other heads of security agencies to immediately intervene.