The All Progressives Congress (APC), Ward 2, Enugu South LGA, has thrown its weight behind former President of the Senate, Senator Ken Nnamani, in the crisis rocking the State chapter of the party. The Amechi Uwani Awkunanaw Ward, which is the home of the former Senate number one man, has also warned the state leadership of the party against acts of disrespect to Nnamani and other leaders of the party in the State. These were contained in a statement signed by the ward executives and stakeholders and released to newsmen on Saturday. This comes against the backdrop of the announcement by the State secretary of the party, Dr. Robert Ngwu, of the resolution of the State Executive Committee of the Enugu APC setting up a disciplinary committee headed by the State Assistant Legal Adviser, Vincent Chieyina, to invite Nnamani as well as a former Commissioner in Enugu State, Ozor Mmamel, and Mr Nelson Arum, to answer to charges of alleged anti-party activities levelled against them. But in a statement jointly signed by 28 party stakeholders and executives, including the Ward Chairman, Comrade Christopher Okenwa; Ward Secretary, Engr. Sunday Nnamani; former Enugu South Council Chairman and Federal Board Chairman, Prince Uche Edeh; and a party leader, Prince Joe Agbo, Nnamani’s kinsmen dismissed the allegation as “mere hot air”. They urged leaders of the party and members of the public to disregard it. The statement read: “The APC, Ward 2 (Amechi Uwani Awkunanaw), at an emergency meeting of the party held at the party’s secretariat/Ward office today, Friday, 27 January, 2023 by 5pm resolved to state as follows: “His Excellency, Sen. Ken Nnamani is a bona fide member of the APC in this Ward. “As a member of this Ward, he has been found very worthy, financially supportive, strong by character, and has always shown strength whenever and wherever it comes to party values and matters. “We have no reason whatsoever to doubt his judgments or capacity and capability in ways of reasoning or decisions. “We therefore endorse all his decisions and actions as it relates to party matters and stand by him completely. “Any issues purportedly emanating from this Ward or elsewhere with a view to malign his character or personality should be disregarded as mere hot air and sentiments without facts, as all disciplinary issues or actions against any erring member must emanate from the relevant or concerned Ward as clearly stated in the party’s
constitution. “We frown at any form of disrespect to Sen. Ken Nnamani or any of our party leaders in Enugu State for that matter”. It is recalled that the State chairman of the APC in Enugu, Chief Ugochukwu Agballah, and the party’s governorship candidate, Chief Uche Nnaji, have been having a running battle with a section of members and the leaders of the party over the State chairman’s emergence, which is currently a subject of litigation. There have also been agitations over alleged impunity and alleged embezzlement of funds to the tune of well over N1.3 billion leveled against the duo. These have resulted in a recent protest against Agballah and Nnaji at the party’s national secretariat, Abuja, as well as the boycott of APC’s presidential rally in Enugu by major party leaders such as Senator Nnamani, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, former governor of Enugu State, Sullivan Chime, former Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Hon. Eugene Odoh, among others.