The family of Godwin Agbo, a dispatch rider with Jumia Online Shopping, has appealed to the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba and the Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, Adebowale Williams not to allow the killer of their son go unpunished. The family made the appeal while addressing journalists in Ibadan on Monday. The late Agbo was riding his motorcycle when he was knocked down by a private car Friday night around Forte Oil at Ring Road Ibadan. The suspect made an attempt to run away but was apprehended by residents of the area. The deceased was rushed to two neighbouring hospitals where he was pronounced dead. The driver of the Lexus RX car with registration number EKY 337 EL was taken to Oluyole Police station, and later transferred to Iyaganku Police Station. Police officers from the Iyaganku Police station visited the scene at Mobil axis of Ibadan and took the corpse to Oke-Ado Hospital. But, the family are now crying for help. They are urging the Inspector General of Police and the Commissioner of Police in the State, Adebowale Williams to intervene because the police officers in charge of the case have been allegedly compromised. Elder brother of the deceased, Mr. Emmanuel Agbo who spoke with journalists on Monday, regretted the way the case is being handled by police officers at Iyaganku police station. Agbo, while demanding that justice be served on the suspect, prayed the IGP and the Police commissioner to use their offices to transfer the case to the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) for proper interrogation of the suspect and investigation. Agbo said, “Let justice be served. The case should be diligently prosecuted. “We learnt that they want to release the suspect. The suspect should not be released. We want the case to be transferred to the State CID. “This is a murder case, it is not an accident case, they want to turn it into a mere accident case. This case involved a life. “We want the IGP and the Commissioner of Police to intervene, we want them to use their good offices and intervene. “Our father is also a police officer, he died last year. We don’t want them to cheat us because we don’t know anyone”.