Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. At least one person was reported dead and several others injured as unknown gunmen attacked a campaign rally of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Enugu State on Wednesday. A source told DAILY POST that the assailants stormed Awgu Ward 1 campaign venue of the PDP and opened fire on party members. 2. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, candidate for the March 11 governorship election in Abia State, Prof. Uchenna Ikonne is dead. DAILY POST learnt that he died on Wednesday at the National Hospital, Abuja. 3. The Atiku/Okowa Campaign Organization has accused the Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu of trying to blackmail President Muhammadu Buhari. A statement on Wednesday by the spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan said Tinubu was also blaming his own party and the Federal Government “over his looming devastating rejection by Nigerians”. 4. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has said sponsored criminals whose agenda is to blackmail the Biafra struggle beheaded the local government Chairman of Ideato in Imo State, Chris Ohizu. Emma Powerful, the separatist group’s spokesman, lamented the spate of insecurity in Imo State and the Southeast. 5. The presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu, has tackled President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration over the new naira redesign and the current fuel scarcity. Tinubu, who spoke during his campaign rally in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, alleged that some individuals were sabotaging his presidential ambition through the new naira redesign and the scarcity of petrol. 6. Against its earlier plan, the Senate on Wednesday failed to pass the N22.7 trillion Ways and Means Restructuring request forwarded to the National Assembly by President Muhammadu Buhari in December 2022. Our correspondent reports that the request was neither listed on the Order Paper used for plenary on Wednesday nor mentioned by the Senate Leader, Senator Abdullahi Gobir, who is the chairman of the special committee set up for that purpose. 7. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Akwa Ibom State has expelled Ita Enang, an ex-Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari, over what it termed “anti-party activities”. In a letter dated January 24, 2023, the State Working Committee of the APC led by the chairman of the party, Stephen Ntukekpo, ratified the ward’s recommendations expelling Enang. 8. Former Governor of Bayelsa State and Senator representing Bayelsa West, Seriake Dickson, has said the timing of the naira redesign by the Central Bank of Nigeria is wrong. The Senator spoke at an interactive programme by the Rotary Club in Maitama, Abuja on Wednesday. 9. The Federal Executive Council meeting presided over by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, on Wednesday, deliberated on a national online policy to protect children from accessing unwholesome information on the internet. Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami, who presented the memo for deliberations at FEC, said it became necessary to protect the rights of children who access the internet to gather information. 10. The Federal Executive Council meeting presided over by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday, deliberated on the recent strike by aviation workers under the auspices of Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) and condemned the act in totality. FEC decided that the Federal Government would no longer condone such acts as the channels for the aggrieved workers to vent their anger were not explored.