The Speaker, Osun State House of Assembly, Timothy Owoeye has called on Nigerians and the people of Osun to put behind the hardship of the outgone year and move ahead with hope for a better Nigeria of their desire in the new year 2023. The Speaker in a new year message by his Media Aide, Kunle Alabi asked Nigerians to strive to ensure that tested and quality politicians are voted for in this year’s general elections to herald a speedy recovery of the economy. Owoeye also stressed that residents and citizens must wait in hopes that all that was lost with the economic hardship of the previous year could be recouped through determination, hard work and perseverance. He reiterated that the nation would surmount its economic and security challenges as Nigeria is entering into a new phase of economic prosperity in the new year. “I encourage my good people of Osun and Nigerians to rise in hope and take their destiny in their hands as they step into the year 2023. That little contribution to the development of the country by all and sundry will go a long way in having a better Nigeria. “We must also take seriously the general elections this year, every hand must be on deck by ensuring that the election is free and fair from violence, and quality people who can move Osun and Nigeria to greater heights must be voted for. “When voting, our tribe, religion or personal interests should not come into play, we must vote for the best. Our common enemy is ‘poor infrastructure’, it doesn’t know you, it doesn’t respect you, and we will all suffer together unless we do the right thing with our votes. “A little contribution from you, a little contribution from me and we shall eventually have a better state and country. “You and I know very well that with darkness, there can be no success and no breakthrough. No matter how hopeless a case may be, it can be changed with the right attitude, if we all put the country first in all we do, the change we all desire will happen in our lifetime.”