Reaction has continued to trail the announcement that Big Brother Titans will commence on Sunday and might affect youth turnout for the presidential election. Big Brother Titans, the biggest version of Africa’s biggest reality show franchise, Big Brother hosted by Ebuka-Obi Uchendu, and South Africa’s BBMzanzi host, Lawrence Maleka will see housemates from different parts of Nigeria and South Africa. The grand prize of the show which promises to keep viewers glued to their screen is $100,000 cash. The organisers of the show had said this year’s edition is a fusion of two TV phenomena, BBNaija and BB Mzansi. Multichoice said it is bringing the housemates under one roof, to give African entertainment audiences a show of intense drama like never before. The show which will be streamed in the UK, Ireland, and 45 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa promises an abundance of Nigerian and South African swag, banter, romance, and everything in between. However, as the mouth-watering 2023 general elections are fast approaching, some Nigerians have condemned the new reality show, saying it was a distraction to the Nigerian youths. The labour party, whose supporters are mostly youths, have alleged that the new reality show is targeted at distracting Nigerian youths from casting their votes on the election dates. But speaking to DAILY POST, Nigerian singer/songwriter, Charles Chukwuemeka Oputa, popularly known as Charly Boy, urged the youths to be more concerned about what bothers them. Charlyboy in reaction to the criticism raised by concerned Nigerians said, ”I expect young people to face what is facing them. Big Brother is not what is doing us.” ”They should just concentrate on what is facing them, when they finish their voting they can face Big Brother. Voting should be everybody’s reality not Big Brother.” he added Meanwhile, Charlyboy while reacting to a viral video of the Labour Party candidate, Peter Obi struggling to exit his rally venue in Enugu said the former Anambra State Governor should be sued for deliberately endangering his life. Peter Obi was in a viral video saved by the co-pilot from an uncontrollable crowd in Enugu state on Thursday. He was almost mobbed by the crowd of people in the State after attending a town hall meeting in his alma mater, the University of Nigeria Nsukka. ”Abegi, make una help me analyse this picture and anybody wey know Peter should go and Warn him wella. ”See as him dey trow himself inside crowd with all the bad belle and wicked people wey full this country. ”I am about to sue him for recklessness, deliberately endangering his life and attempting to deny ordinary Nigerians our next President,” Charlyboy said in pidgin.