The governorship candidate of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, in Kebbi State, Alhaji Atiku Mai-Ahu; the deputy governorship candidate, Barrister Nafi’u Abubakar; and the entire executive members of the party in the state, local government and ward levels, have dumped the party for the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. According to a press statement signed by the Chief Secretary, Press Affairs, Government House, Comrade Abubakar Muazu Dakingaru, all the SDP senatorial candidates, the House of Representatives except one candidate, and candidates of the State House of Assembly have all defected. The statement also noted that Mai-Ahu presented their letters of withdrawal to the state Chairman of the APC, Alhaji Abubakar Kana Zuru, and tore their SDP membership cards. Mai-Ahu and other decampees were formally received into the APC at the Presidential Campaign Council, PCC, office in Birnin Kebbi. He informed APC stakeholders at the reception, including Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, that their decision to join the ruling party was of the conviction that the APC remained the only political entity capable of leading Nigeria to greatness with economic prosperity. Mai-Ahu made it clear that their defection to the APC was sincere and requested the APC hierarchy to hold them in trust as one family. He pledged that the new members would be actively involved in traversing the nooks and crannies of Kebbi to mobilize people to vote for the APC in this year’s elections. Receiving the decampees, the State APC Chairman, Alhaji Abubakar Muhammadu Kana Zuru, commended them for making bold courage and the right decision for the defection to join the ruling party, assuring that they will enjoy equal rights and privileges like any other APC member. Zuru directed APC executive members at State, local government and ward levels to involve the decampees in the affairs of the party as active stakeholders. Welcoming the new entrants into the party, Kebbi State governorship candidate of the APC, Dr. Nasir Idris, described the former SDP gubernatorial candidate, Alhaji Atiku Mai-Ahu as his younger brother, promising to treat them justly with compassion. In the same vein, the State Director-General, DG APC Campaign Council, former governor, Alhaji Sa’idu Usman Nasamu Dakingari, thanked the new members for identifying with the ideals of the APC as the largest party in Africa with the basic foundation of justice. Dakingari urged them to go back home to work for the victory of the APC at the polls by soliciting the votes of the electorate during the elections. In his remark, the leader of the APC in the state, Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, commended the former SDP members for their patriotism to join the APC. Among the top personalities to receive the decampees were former Deputy Governor, Alhaji Bello Dantani Magajin Rafin Kabi; PA to the governor, Alhaji Faruq Musa Yaro Enabo; a member of the APC campaign council, Alhaji Ibrahim Bagudu; retired Deputy Comptroller-General of Customs, Alhaji Abubakar Gari; Malam Shattiman Gwandu, Alhaji Faruq Kuru and Alhaji Babangida Mai-Ahu, among others.