The Abia State Chairman of the African Democratic Congress (ADC), Don Norman Obinna has asked lovers of democracy to resist the alleged move to subvert the votes of the people of Ikwuano/Umuahia federal constituency seat in Abia State in yesterday’s presidential and national assembly elections. He applauded the Abia constituents for trooping out en masse to demonstrate their collective support and votes to Aguocha during the main legislative elections in Ikwuano, Umuahia north and south local government areas respectively. DAILY POST gathered that the Labour Party House of Representatives candidate for Ikwuano/Umuahia federal constituency seat, Obi Aguocha, was said to have coasted to victory, defeating the flagbearer of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the current Speaker of Abia State House of Assembly, Chinedum Orji, with a wide margin of votes cast in the yet-to-be concluded national elections. On Saturday night, claims were rife that suspected thugs alleged to be working for the Speaker of the state assembly, Chinedum Orji, waylaid the INEC adhoc staff and made away with BVAS machines and other voting materials to manipulate the electoral process. However, Obinna who hails from Umuahia, in a statement on Sunday frowned at the alleged collaboration between the Independent National Electoral Commission and some power mongers to subvert the wish of the constituents. The party chieftain said, “for the people raped, enslaved and dumped in the chasm for 24 years by one family, it could be an invitation for an uprising. He said, “As law-abiding citizens, the constituents have peacefully revolted by unlawfully and massive exercising their franchise.” He further noted the alleged clandestine midnight move to manipulate the results in favour of his closest rival is criminal and vowed the people will resist it. His words: “from Ikwuano to Umuahia, it was a shellacking. People endured the inclement weather and waited for the adhoc staff to count and upload the results. “Even when they conjured the story of an unreceptive network delaying the upload, the electorate snapped and circulated online copies of the result sheets. “Excerpt for 2015, the people have never shown such determination witnessed on Saturday. It is a clear message to our subjugators who see Umuahia as their fiefdom.” The state ADC chairman commended the people of the federal constituency for trooping out to demonstrate their maximum support. He urged INEC to perform its role as an unbiased umpire and resist the attempt to truncate the wish of the people.