The Labour Party governorship candidate in Enugu State, Hon. Chijioke Edeoga has thanked the people of the state for voting the party’s candidates during Saturday’s National Assembly elections. He described the outcome of the polls as “a golden moment for the good people of Enugu State”, and assured that the mandate would not be taken for granted. DAILY POST had reported that the Labour Party swept all the National Assembly seats in the Coal City State, including seven Reps seats and one senatorial position. The ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, was left with one Senate and one Reps seat, while the Enugu West Senatorial election would be held on March 11. Edeoga spoke to journalists on Monday shortly after the Supreme Court judgement which affirmed him as the LP candidate in Enugu. He thanked the electorates for the unprecedented support given to the Labour Party in the State. “The truth is that some people didn’t give LP a chance, but the masses kept faith with us. “But the current result is beyond the imagination of those people; It’s a golden moment for the people of Enugu State and I assure them that all our members who have been given the mandate of the people will not disappoint. “We will not take this victory for granted but will make sure that a new Enugu which the masses yearn for, comes to reality,” he said. The LP guber candidate also thanked the security agencies as well as President Muhammadu Buhari, who he said demonstrated the commitment to let the will of the people prevail. He said, “We thank in a special way President Muhammad Buhari for signing the electoral act and for the monetary policy which made vote buying difficult, if not impossible.” On the alleged assassination of Oyibo Chukwu, the LP Senatorial candidate for Enugu East, Edeoga said it would remain a sad day in the history of the state. “Oyibo Chukwu had worked hard, campaigned, and was poised to win before his brutal assassination. He was murdered in cold blood. “We condemn seriously the taking of life. We condemn it, pray that his soul will rest in peace. We will continue where he stopped in his dream to provide good representation. “We are taking steps to get his replacement; we are consulting various stakeholders, to get somebody who will meet expectations,” he disclosed. While commenting on the suit dismissed by the Supreme Court, Edeoga said it was the handiwork of the PDP. He said the plaintiff, Everestus Nnaji (Odengene) was used by the PDP to cause confusion in the Labour Party and deny it the opportunity of having a candidate for the election. “But we thank God that all that is now history; the highest court in the land, just like the appeal court threw it out. “He has reached the climax of his spoiler game; the judgement he acquired from the court of first instance has come to an end. “We are grateful to the people of Enugu State who have remained firm with us. “My assurance to them is that as they come out on March 11 to consolidate this mandate by voting for us, we shall not disappoint them. We shall be responsible and accountable to the people,” he pledged.