Most Rev. Michael Kalu Ukpong has been installed as the new Catholic Bishop of the Umuahia Diocese in Abia State. His installation followed the elevation of the former, His Lordship, Most Reverend Licus Ugorji, to the Metropolitan Archbishop of Owerri, Imo State, to also replace Archbishop Anthony Obinna, whose retirement was accepted upon reaching the mandatory age limit of 75 years. Ukpong, now the third bishop of Umuahia, was consecrated and installed on 2nd February 2023 in an event held at Mater Dei Cathedral, Umuahia, led by Pope Francis’ representative, His Grace Anthonio Guido Filipazzi, Papal Nuncio to Nigeria. Bishop Kalu Ukpong hails from the Amaekpu community in Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State and had his episcopal ordination (Auxillary Bishop) on 30th July 2020.  On 24th June 2022, he was appointed as the Diocesan administrator, and later, on November 1st, 2022, he was appointed as the Diocesan Bishop by Pope Francis to replace His Grace Most Rev. Lucius Iwejuru Ugorji, who is currently on transfer to Owerri Catholic Diocese. Speaking on the expectations of the Catholic faithful from him as he was installed as the new Bishop of Umuahia Catholic Diocese, Rev. Ukpong stated that he has come as a servant of the gospel together with the Catholic faithful in Umuahia and wider diocese in different capacities to work together on what is needed for the development in the diocese. He assured Abia’s Catholic community that he would be guided by the spirit of God even as he was aware of the many contributions and strides of his predecessors. The foremost Nigerian priest reiterated that all his actions and activities would be guided according to the doctrine and norms of the universal church. Ukpong applauded Pope Francis and his predecessors for the unity in the Catholic community in Abia State and further assured the sustenance of the existing unity in the churches in the state as he assumed his new position. Earlier in his message, the spiritual head of the Roman Catholic Church worldwide, Pope Francis, tasked the new bishop to emulate his predecessors as the third Bishop of the Diocese, admonishing him not to cut corners or take sides in the course of his service and allow brotherly love to continue among his priests.