The Labour Party, LP has adopted the Delta South Senatorial Candidate of the New Nigerian People’s Party, NNPP, Omatseye Nesiama as its senatorial candidate in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. The adoption came during the official campaign flag-off by Nesiama at Owhelogbo Ward 5 and Obidient Movement, Otor-Igho Ward 13 in Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State. In a remark, the Labour Party, LP, Chairman in Owhelogbo Ward 5, Mr. Patrick Adaighofua said, “We will collaborate and we will beat them. They come and stole our monies, build castles and nothing to show.” Adaighofua explained that with the collaboration between the two parties, they’ll deal decisively with the opposition parties. According to him, “those who have held the senatorial position in the past had failed us, there’s no impact from them”. While pointing out that the people want change, Adaighofua urged the people especially the party faithful to support and cast their votes for Omatseye Nesiama as its senatorial candidate in the forthcoming election. He said, “We are voting individuals. We are not voting a party in 2023. There’s a change in the political system. No party is supreme anymore. The era of the party is supreme is over.” Adaighofua stated that everyone is feeling the heat in the country due to the hardship in the land. He also called on the politicians to bring their children and their wives down to participate in the election saying, “let no politician deceive himself on the platform of any political party. The Coordinator of the Obidient Movement in Otor-Igho Ward 13, Oshare Jethro also pledged the group’s support for Omatseye Nesiama. In his words, “We are here for you. The right of the farmer is been taken away from them. The people’s rights are not given to them.” Jethro said they want only people who are eligible like Commodore Nesiama to emerge and represent them at the senate.” Jethro also said they can no longer accept the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP and the All Progressives Congress, APC. “By the grace of God, when you get there, don’t fail to do what’s right,” he said. The Labour Party, LP, Chairman in Owhelogbo, Vincent Obasiki said they want people who are accountable and have served the nation in times.