Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Governorship candidate of Labour Party in Kano State, Bashir Ishaq Bashir, met with Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Sunday evening. The outcome of the meeting is yet unknown but sources said it was centered on defection. 2. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has dropped yet another bombshell in the buildup to the 2023 elections. In an interview on Sunday, the governor said he no longer believes in the quality of leadership around President Muhammadu Buhari. 3. The Kano State government, through the Consumer Protection Council, on Sunday, shut popular supermarket, Wellcare, over refusal to accept old Naira notes. According to the Acting chairman of the council, Baffa Babba Danagundi, the supermarket was shut shortly after Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje gave the order. 4. A heavily pregnant woman in Kasuwan Magani, Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State, lost her life due to the unavailability of the new naira notes in banks. James Auta, the deceased’s husband, said his wife was rejected by the hospital when he could not make payment due to cash crunch. 5. The Christian Association of Nigeria, on Sunday, distanced itself from the alleged N2bn claimed to have been given by the presidential candidate of Labour Party, Peter Obi, to churches under its umbrella. The Christian body also said it would probe the source of the petition, in which the allegation was made, describing its content as untrue and malicious. 6. The Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association, in a statement yesterday, said the Central Bank of Nigeria does not understand the naira crisis challenges, pointing out that the apex bank appears not to have a solution to the economic problems caused by the naira redesign policy. 7. The Lagos State Police Command has launched a manhunt for the driver of Luyol Secondary School, Iju, Jacob Fatokin, for allegedly killing a father who accused him of sexually molesting his daughter in the State. It was gathered that the victim’s parents, after being notified of the driver’s illicit act against their daughter, had visited the school to tender an official complaint against the driver. 8. The Lagos State Government has ordered the temporary closure of Chrisland School, located at Opebi-Ikeja, in the sequel to the reported death of a student of the School, Whytney Adeyemi. The order was contained in a statement by the State Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo on Sunday. 9. The presiding pastor of the Abuja chapter of the House on the Rock, Pastor Uche Aigbe, mounted the pulpit bearing an AK-47 rifle on Sunday. The incident, which caused a stir in the church auditorium, happened during the second service, which frequently has a high number of members who attend from different parts of the nation’s capital. 10. Gunmen have shot to death one 32-year-old Sule Yahaya, a final year student of the College of Education (COE), Akwanga, Nasarawa State, in Sabo community, Kuje Area Council of the FCT. A relative of the deceased, Danlami Aliyu, said the incident happened last Thursday night when his assailants dragged him out of his room and shot him on the chest.