The ruling party in Cross River State, All Progressives Congress, APC, has called for the arrest of the governorship candidate of the main opposition party, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Senator Sandy Onor, as well as former Assistant Inspector General of Police, Joseph Mbu for allegedly masterminding violence in the state. But in a counter statement, the PDP denied perpetrating violence, assuring that after the election, they would certainly bring APC to account for its atrocities and mayhem against the people. Chairman of the publicity committee of the APC campaign council in the state and former aide to President Muhammadu Buhari, Chief Okoi Obono-Obla had said law enforcement agencies should immediately intervene in the ongoing violence. The party accused the PDP flagbearer, Senator Onor and his campaign committee of being responsible for a breakdown of law and order. In a statement, Obono-Obla said, “We totally and strongly condemn the reign of terror, savagery, intimidation, harassment, and abuse of fundamental rights of law-bidding members of the APC by Senator Sandy Onor and his Caterpillar Movements in Nsofang Etung LGA of the State. “Almost all members of the APC from Nsofang Community have been driven out of the community by gangs recruited and deployed by the caterpillar movement. “Those that were unable to run away were arrested and falsely imprisoned in concentration camps erected by the gangs and exposed to the elements under the sweltering and blazing sun. “Nsofang community is now in crisis following the mindless and brutal attacks unleashed on innocent people who are believed to be APC supporters by a murderous gang recruited and armed by the caterpillar movement. “Incidentally, the PDP governorship candidate is from the Nsofang community. “It is unbelievable that in the 21st Century, people can be subjected to such a reign of terror and banishment simply because they have opposing political standpoints. “The attack on APC supporters in Nsofang is uncivilized and condemnable.” Obono-Obla said they “will not hand over the affairs of the State to such a politician that has murderous tendencies and is highly intolerant of dissenting views.” Reacting, chairman of the PDP, Venatius Ikem said that the APC were merely lamenting their frustration, adding that it is not in their character to resort to violence, nor do they have any need for such since they are sure of winning the Governorship Election in March 2023. He stated that “Chief Obono-Obla might be crying wolf as a smokescreen for what they are planning to do to unleash violence on the electorate in the state because they are facing a hostile electorate going into the elections. “We recall what happened in 2019 in Etung and condemn any attempt under any guise to re-enact the ugliness of violence as a means of seeking power. ” According to Ikem, Ayade has been unleashing violence on their supporters in Obudu, Bekwarra LGAs and across the Northern Senatorial District but that despite repeated complaints, the Police have failed to arrest the perpetrators who brandished weapons in broad daylight. Ikem cautioned that, “If they’re seeking to extend their nefarious activities to the Central Senatorial District, let them be sure that they will soon run out of luck because security for the election will be different from the usual and we are confident that we will be protected.” The PDP boss called on their supporters to resist the temptation to resort to violence in retaliation, “so that the ruling party does not take it as an excuse to seek for the cancellation of the elections”, which he said they are confident of winning. Ikem assured that they will bring perpetrators of violence to book after the elections.