The Department of State Services, DSS, has invited a spokesperson for the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential campaign council, Femi Fani-Kayode over allegations of a coup plot ahead of the February election. Fani-Kayode confirmed the invitation by the DSS in a statement on Monday, stating that he would be honouring the invitation this morning, Monday. The statement reads partly, “3 days ago, on the day that I tweeted about newspaper reports alleging that Atiku was secretly meeting with Army Generals, I got a text message from someone who claimed to be DSS asking me to report to them on a matter of national security. “I dismissed the invitation because it was vague and I was not sure whether it really came from the DSS. In any case I had no intention of going anywhere unless I was formally invited. To my surprise I received a formal letter from them to report to their office without fail 2 days later, which was yesterday evening. “I put a call through to them & was advised to take the matter very seriously & report to them on the stipulated day and time otherwise the worse may happen. “Unlike cowards like Emefiele, Atiku and their strange bedfellows, I do not fear my own shadow and neither do I shiver and shake when I am invited by the security agencies. I always honour their invitations when properly invited because that is the right and proper thing to do. “This is all the more so when it touches and concerns matters of national security which I take very seriously & when it involves agencies like the DSS who are professional and thorough in their methods and approach. “I have nothing to hide and consequently I will present myself before the DSS this morning as I have been asked to do. “I maintain my utter contempt for Atiku & the vermin that are around him & no matter what happens to me today or at any other time, know that as long as there is life in me I will oppose the darkness & evil that they represent”. DAILY POST recalls that FFK, a former Minister of Aviation had claimed that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate and top military generals had a secret meeting last week. He alleged that the meeting may be part of an agenda to provoke a coup d’etat and establish a new and unconstitutional order in the country. But in response, the Defence Headquarters denied planning to scuttle the general elections, reiterating the loyalty of the armed forces to the constitution and civilian authority.