Zigmatech Consult limited is an Ed-Tech that specializes in developing and deploying Applications for Schools and schooling. We aim to use technology to aid learning and schooling processes. Simply put we help Students LEARN DIFFERENTLY  Our product/service offerings include Ø ExamGuide Ø Test Centre Ø Virtual Science Lab Ø Get Tutor Ø Learning Hub Ø School Finder EXAMGUIDE Past questions, model questions/answers /detailed explanation and comprehensive learning tools for JAMB UTME, WAEC SSCE, NECO BECE, NCEE, IJMB, University Screening Exams (POST UTME) ExamGuide is a Computer-Based Testing and learning Application (CBT SOFTWARE) specially designed to enable students participating in various exams to prepare adequately. The approach we used in this application is to teach with real exam past questions. We believe that when a student prepares for an exam with the real past questions of the exams, it helps in the mastery of the exam style and structure, thus directly impacting on the confidence with which the student approaches the exam. In keeping with our mission to help students LEARN DIFFERENTLY, We cleverly developed the practice App to be more than simply a bank of practice questions but a full instrument that, if used adequately, must ensure success.  BELOW ARE SOME OF THE AMAZING FEATURES OF THE EXAMGUIDE APPLICATION. ROBUST AND COMPREHENSIVE Users can practice multiple subjects at the same time in three different modes (practice, study and mock). Topic-based question filtering, setting the number of practice tests, and customizing the exam length are all features of the ExamGuide practice software. The question and option boxes exhibit graphics, tables, and unique symbols. EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO PASS THE EXAM IN ONE SITTING A good bank of actual past questions, with detailed but simplified explanations. Each question has a topic associated with it, and the results are displayed by topics along with advice on where to focus your efforts to make improvements. RICH RESULT ANALYSIS ExamGuide provides in-depth analysis and trends in performance. At the end of an exam, students can see their exam scores, the number of questions attempted, answering speed and time spent, and a graphical analysis of their overall performance. ADDITIONAL LEARNING TOOLS AND RESOURCES ExamGuide includes additional learning tools in the form of games, which make studying more enjoyable. Users have unlimited access to Map, Millionaire and Fame games, so there are no dull moments. The application includes a part titled Career and Institution that provides students with proper guidance on course and school options, statistics on the performance trends of previous applicants to these schools, and information on what the cut-off marks were.
This will guide the candidate properly in his choice. ONE-OFF PAYMENT THAT LASTS FOR A DEVICE LIFETIME For lifelong access, an app simply has to be activated once on a device. There are no hidden fees. CHALLENGE COMPETITION Users of ExamGuide receive access to a series of practice exams that we conduct before the exam. We aim to replicate the conditions of the actual exam while doing this, and students have the chance to compete with other candidates taking the same exams. At the end of each round, you will get to see your score and rank amongst other candidates. We also award the top candidates with cash prices or airtime. Over the years we have seen a close relationship between the mock scores of candidates and the scores of the real exams and can boldly say that if a candidate fully participates and keeps improving on his/her performances in the mock series, there is a high chance that he/she will supersede his/her best mock performance in the actual examination. #UTMECHALLENGE, #WASSCECHALLENGE, #NCEECHALLENGE, #BECECHALLENGE  EXAMGUIDE JAMB UTME APP This is one of the products under the ExamGuide series. JAMB CBT SOFTWARE is designed with the exact JAMB UTME interface and the JAMB APP has all the functionality you would experience in the main exam software. A Student studying with the JAMB PRACTICE APP is sure to PASS the exams in one sitting with a High score. Other items in our line of products include the SSCE and GCE by WAEC and NECO, BECE/JSCE by NECO, NCEE by NECO, POST-UTME, COWBELLPEDIA, IJMB, LBAR EXAMS, and the ICAN EXAMS, as well as many more additions to come. Visit www.examguide.com/offline to download the application tailored for your particular exam. TEST CENTRE CONDUCT COMPUTER-BASED EXAMS/TESTS (CBT) TEST CENTRE is a Computer Based testing platform designed to enable schools and IT organizations to administer Computer-based exams to their candidates. This is a very robust application capable of hosting up to 500 candidates at a go. It runs on all kinds of servers hosted locally or online. It is easy to set up and very flexible in operation. You can customize to have your school outlook; you create your questions and administer them from the server. Our mode of presenting results is top-notch. The software can pass for an exam management system as it can pile up results if a student continues with the same identity. The platform is suitable for recruitment exams, promotional exams, entrance exams and school terminal exams. It is one fit all solution.  FEATURES OF TESTCENTRE · It can take full student biometrics including face capture, which is a very important feature for people that want to administer their exams remotely through a link. · The platform uses the webcam of the device for pc and the camera of phones for live test monitoring. At any point in the exam, you can call up a candidate’s screen and see exactly what is going on with the person. · The result presentation is second to none. In the case of a resulting dispute, all feedback from the candidates can be pulled from the server. The platform keeps a tab of all such details. Results show details such as average time per question, it can show the result in topics if you selected such from the content tool. · The flexibility allows you to decide so much as to curb exam malpractice; for example you can decide to shuffle questions such that a question appears in different numbers for candidates, not just this you can even go a step further to shuffle options such that the correct answer appears in different options for candidates · Test Centre features a powerful CBT engine that allows images, subscripts, superscripts, tables, special symbols, keyboard keys for ease of navigation, an on-screen calculator and more. · Invites to exams and results of the exam can be sent out to candidates from the server. If there is a loss of power during exams, nothing is lost as the candidate can continue exactly where they stopped. The uniqueness of Test Centre cannot be exhausted in this write up, just have in mind that you are more likely to see a feature you do not need than to look for one you need and not find it. All features can be controlled from the Server. VISIT www.examguide.com/testcentre to learn more. VIRTUAL SCIENCE LAB SIMULATED SCIENCE PRACTICALS ANYWHERE AND ANYTIME Aware of the challenges faced by many students in accessing well-equipped science laboratories to carry out practical, we came up with the idea of designing software that allows students to carry out practicals virtually and have the same experience as in a physical laboratory.
The science lab is aimed at helping students simulate experiments. The virtual labs provide an immersive experience, with enriched content and features that enable students to gain more understanding and knowledge. You can start and finish the experiments without using paper as graphs can also be plotted on the platform, this is to say that our virtual science lab can conduct experiments, take readings and plot graphs virtually.  SOME OF ITS OUTSTANDING FEATURES INCLUDE: Wide range of coverage: Covers most secondary school level and entry-level university practical. Accessibility and Affordability: Science Lab anytime and anywhere with your laptop. Enjoy the convenience of learning at your own pace and it is affordable. Works offline except for study groups. Study Group: Create a group, give assignments, and interact with your students from the convenience of your home. Cutting-edge grading system: The virtual lab instantly grades you on different levels of the experiment. No fixed Setting: Create your unique question for the experiment, and change the default settings and variables of each experiment. To learn more visit www.examguide.com LEARNING HUB FREE QUALITY LEARNING FOR ALL The learning hub is an online learning platform that offers anyone, anywhere, access to free but quality expository tutorials We use the very best subject matter expert to teach any course, this should be a run to for any student that wishes to continue learning after school hours. The courses are well laid out and the syllabus-based contents are taught and presented in state of the art videos. The platform is very interactive as you can ask questions in the form of a comment at the end of each session. This service is completely free.  Visit www.examguide.com/learninghub to access the videos. Alternatively subscribe to our YouTube channel ‘EXAMGUIDE’ https://youtube.com/@ExamGuide_Learninghub to see all videos. GET TUTORS FIND QUALITY EXTRA MURAL CLASS TEACHERS Get Tutor is an online platform that connects learners with skilled tutors at every level of education This is a very useful tool for parents/guardians seeking professional Home Tutors for their wards.
On this platform, you can find the following:
Name of Tutor, Address of the Tutor, Subject of expertise and fee
This helps you do some form of filtering before inviting the tutor for a meet-up.
To become a Tutor on the Get Tutor platform, create a professional profile for Free and provide the details as may be required from the profiling form.
To learn more visit www.examguide.com/gettutor  SCHOOL FINDER FREE SCHOOL DIRECTORY School Finder is an unbiased online platform that profiles schools for easy visibility and allows parents to easily find a school based on their budget, school location, curriculum, facilities, and other factors. · Proud of the facility in your school? · Trust the abilities of your teachers to offer the best? · Take pride in the academic performance of your school over time? The school finder is a place to let it out to the world. We offer you a platform to sell your school to the public at no cost.
All that is required of you is to create a profile for your school on School Finder for easy visibility by parents and guardians. Visit www.examguide.com/schoolfinder to learn more. IN NEED OF ANY OF OUR SERVICES? CONTACT US Phone number: 08135122464 Website: www.examguide.com Email: info@zigmatechconsult.com Facebook : ExamGuideCBT https://www.facebook.com/ExamGuideCBT Instagram : @examguide_official https://www.instagram.com/examguide_official/ YouTube: ExamGuide https://youtube.com/@ExamGuide_Learninghub Office Address: Suite 1 Fesmal’s Place, 88/89 Peter Odili Road, Transamadi PortHarcourt, Rivers State Nigeria