You knew Manchester United would defeat Barcelona. At no point during their Europa League Round of 32 second leg, did you feel the runaway LaLiga leaders would leave Old Trafford with a famous win. Not even when Robert Lewandowski squeezed a controversial penalty past David De Gea in the first leg. With Barca 1-0 up at half time, Erik ten Hag worked his magic. The Dutchman took off the ineffective Wout Weghorst and introduced Anthony to provide width, while Bruno Fernandes moved into the middle to orchestrate proceedings. Fred levelled the game with a smart finish, before Antony curled in a delightful second. Full time: Manchester United 2 Barcelona 1. Ten Hag got off to a rocky start with the Red Devils. But over the past few months, he has stamped his authority on a wobbling team. Cristiano Ronaldo was ushered out, Jadon Sancho went to Holland to rediscover himself, while Marcus Rashford exploded like a zillion stars. This weekend, United have the chance to end their six-year wait for silverware, when they play Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. The Magpies are having a dreamy season themselves, sitting in fifth place on the Premier League table, just one behind fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur. Newcastle are looking to play in their first cup final since 1999. They have not lifted a domestic trophy since winning the FA Cup in 1955. But the odds favour Ten Hag’s men who are still chasing four trophies as it stands. The 52-year-old already had a fine reputation from his time at Ajax. But how has he enhanced it in England’s top flight? Bolarinwa Olajide, a Sports Broadcaster and Brand Ambassador for Fantasy League Play, tries to explain. “Erik ten Hag has surprised many of us. He has surpassed most expectations as Man Utd manager,” Olajide tells DAILY POST. “It was supposed to be a gradual and planned process after the failures of the last five years, but he has done an exceptional job since his appointment. “Man Utd are still in all four competitions in his first season, and should comfortably finish in the top four. This is highly remarkable.” Ten Hag has made inroads where his successors like Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal have fallen short. How has he achieved this? “Man Utd have lacked discipline for a while. And Erik ten Hag has ruled with an iron fist. “His hardline approach has earned him a high level of respect from the players. He has managed the ego of players, bringing out the best in them. He’s of the collective and not individuals. “This has been a huge factor for his success so far. He has also installed a dynamic style of play to the team. Players play with more confidence, purpose and swagger. It’s really beautiful to watch,” he added. United are also in the running for the FA Cup and Premier League. This means, like Liverpool last season, they are in the race to land an unprecedented Quadruple. “Winning the quadruple is a tall order. “It is not impossible, but I think it’s unlikely this season. Erik ten Hag has managed his squad to good effect, but they might fall short with too many games at the business end of the season. A trophy and a top four season should still be considered a very good season, with something to build on for the next,” Olajide admits.