The Cross Rivers State government has alleged compromise by the Inter-Party Advisory Council, IPAC, in the state A statement by the Deputy Press Secretary to Gov Ayade accused IPAC of receiving the sum of N50 Million to blackmail Gov Ben Ayade and spread falsehood about the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS). The allegation is in reaction to IPAC’s press conference on Monday, accusing INEC, DSS and the police of complicity in refusing the organisation’s request to sight the BVAS machines reportedly warehoused in Government House Calabar. The statement alleged that IPAC as presently constituted is a willing tool for hire by any deep-pocket politician. “Everyone understands the times we are in, so IPAC cannot exactly be an exception to being a willing tool for hire, as we have since found out on good authority that a princely sum of N50 million was offered to the inter-party advisory body by its paymaster to reactivate this falsehood. “The financial gratification, according to an insider, was offered only to a select few within the leadership to the exclusion of the general members of the state chapter of IPAC. “As a quasi-court or ombudsman to political parties, one would expect IPAC to have focused its energy on playing the role of a conciliator and reconcile a splintered opposition in the state with its national body. But no! “Funnily, it has redefined its activities to include but not limited to blackmail and an abject vender of falsehood, as long as there is a willing payer. ” But in reaction to the allegations, IPAC at another parley with journalists in Calabar denied the allegation of being paid to insist on sighting the BVAS machines which were supposedly at the government house. IPAC Chairman, Anthony Bissong Attah said the group is being accused of receiving money from sponsors because it voiced suspicion of complicity by the state APC government and the security agencies, particularly the police. He said for INEC to refuse the organisations’ request to inspect the machines and take a record of the IMEI of all the 3281 machines, casts doubts on INEC’s credibility to conduct the general election in the state. “We demanded that the only way we can trust the commission going forward is to inspect the BVAS in addition to taking records of the IMEI of all the 3,281 machines.” Meanwhile, the state government alleged that the leading opposition party, PDP, was behind IPAC, claiming they cannot be distracted by “the shenanigans of an opposition already buffeted by the stark reality of defeat staring it in the face.” He said the party remains focused on marketing its candidates ahead of the February and March polls. The government statement further insisted that the opposition’s endless fantasy about the presence of BVAS at the Government House, Calabar, was a product of their imagination. It said the government does not require any form of programmed assistance of BVAS to win elections in the state as it has been working and campaigning hard for victory.