Logistics expert and philanthropist Eric Opah on Thursday 2 February 2023 received the nod of the National Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party to contest the Abia State gubernatorial rerun on Saturday 4 February. The primaries are to replace the deceased flagbearer Prof Uchenna Eleazar Ikonne who died in January. Opah is running on a vision of renewal and fast-tracking of all-round development in Abia State. Opah is from the same Nsulu as the departed flagbearer, Prof Ikonne. The popular opinion in political circles in Abia State is for a choice of a candidate of Nsulu origin to replace Ikonne. Reacting to the clearance, Opah thanked the national executives of the PDP and reiterated his call on party faithful in Abia State to pursue higher ideals through their votes. He said the party must see the rerun as an opportunity to walk a new path. In an earlier encouragement, Opah asked the PDP members eligible to vote to speak peaceably and have a calm and calculated disposition. “My mission is to amplify what the Abia State represents as God’s own state. The vision is of a state where truth prevails in both private and public affairs and where citizens trust one another”. Opah added, “I seek with you an Abia State where we manage public resources for the betterment of everyone, a state where no part or community would cry endlessly for attention as if the government was there to supervise uneven infrastructure and social development. In the new Abia State, unity is our mantra. “For government, accountability will be our watchword and the evidence of leadership. It will be a state where citizens and visitors would be proud to live in and always visit and where citizens’ pride is anchored in the character of the project within”. Eric Opah from Mbubo-Nsulu in Isiala Ngwa North LGA is an entrepreneur, philanthropist and community development engineer. The experienced business administrator is the founder of Fortune Global Shipping & Logistics Limited, one of Nigeria’s foremost indigenous logistics companies. Opah currently serves as the Chairman Nigeria-America Chamber of Commerce, Abia State Chapter. He is an Associate Member of the Institute of Directors of Nigeria (IODN), president of the Eric Opah Foundation, the President Umunna-Nsulu Progressive Forum, and the President of Mbubo Transformation Group.