Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Nigerians will troop out today, Saturday, to elect their leaders in a general election that promises so much. The highest office in the land, that of the President, is up for grabs after months of campaigns by 18 candidates of different political parties. 2. Hon Chinyere Igwe, member representing Port Harcourt II Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives has been arrested by the police. In a statement, the Command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Grace Iringe Koko, confirmed that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lawmaker who is seeking reelection was nabbed with $498,100 cash. 3. The Labour Party (LP) yesterday raised the alarm over the absence of its logo and name on the ballot papers meant for Saturday’s election in Ondo State. 4. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has assured that the results of Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections will be declared as quickly as possible. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, said this at his media briefing in Abuja on Friday. 5. The Federal Government has deployed a helicopter to Ebonyi State to provide aerial surveillance during Saturday’s elections. Governor Dave Umahi told newsmen in Abakaliki on Friday that the deployment of the helicopter was to complement security measures already put in place in the state. 6. The Troops of 1 Division, Nigerian Army, and Air Component of Operation Whirl Punch, have neutralised five bandits and recovered 10 motorcycles in Kaduna State. The Deputy Director of Army Public Relations, 1 Division, Nigerian Army, Lieutenant Colonel Musa Yahaya, in a statement on Friday, said the operation was conducted to create a conducive environment before, during and after the elections. 7. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has declared that anybody who goes into the voting cubicle with a photographic device or a telephone to capture his choice of party will be jailed upon prosecution. The National Commissioner and Chairman of INEC Voter Education and Publicity Committee, Barrister Festus Okoye, made this known during a news programme on Channels Television. 8. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Friday said it has deployed two hundred armed operatives to fight vote buying in Kano, Jigawa and Katsina States during Saturday’s Presidential and National Assembly elections. 9. The Defence Headquarters yesterday said troops of Operation Whirl Punch have apprehended one of the masterminds of the March 28, 2022, terrorists’ attack on the Abuja-Kaduna train service. 10. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has appointed Dr Isa Abdulmumin as the Acting Director, Corporate Communications Department. Abdulmumin takes over from Mr Osita Nwanisobi, who has retired from the apex bank.