The Asus Zenbook 17 Fold OLED is a highly versatile laptop that offers several modes to suit different needs and preferences. The device features a foldable 17.3-inch OLED display that can be bent in various configurations to transform it into different modes. With its multiple configuration options, the Asus Zenbook 17 Fold OLED UX9702 offers users the flexibility to use it in a way that best suits their needs, whether it be for work, entertainment, or both.  A New Hybrid of Laptop and Tablet The Zenbook 17 Fold OLED features a flexible OLED panel with Asus proprietary foldable hinge. Its’ truly seamless design delivers amazing visuals in a transformative way ― unfolding a new era of design possibilities for laptops. When folded it’s an ultraportable, easy-to-carry 12.5-inch device that’s smaller than a sheet of A4 -sized photocopier paper; when unfolded, it’s an expansive 17.3-inch OLED display that gives you an incredibly immersive visual experience.  The Asus Zenbook 17 Fold OLED defies convention with its unique design. Its foldable form factor and accompanying Bluetooth keyboard make it a highly adaptable device, capable of functioning as both a 12.5-inch laptop and a 17.3-inch PC. When used without a keyboard, the Zenbook 17 Fold OLED can be utilized as an interactive tablet. Whether folded into laptop mode and used with a virtual on-screen keyboard on the bottom screen or paired with the Asus ErgoSense Bluetooth keyboard and touchpad, the Asus Zenbook 17 Fold OLED offers versatility and flexibility to meet the needs of any user.  The Zenbook 17 Fold OLED can be used in multiple modes, such as desktop mode, laptop mode (with Bluetooth keyboard), laptop mode (with on-screen keyboard), extended mode, reader mode, and tablet mode. You will find the different ways of how the versatile Asus Zenbook 17 Fold OLED can function. Laptop mode: The UX9702 can be used as a laptop in two ways; with virtual keyboard which allows you Enjoy a similar viewing area to a 13.3” 16:9 laptop and use the 12.5-inch laptop with the virtual onscreen keyboard for an immediate con-call and with Bluetooth® Keyboard which allows you experience a display area equivalent to that of a 13.3-inch 16:9 laptop. With the addition of the Asus ErgoSense Bluetooth® keyboard that has a magnetic lock and fills up the lower half for seamless web browsing Extended mode: This mode is accessible by simply removing the keyboard while leaving the screen partially folded. That gives you what Asus calls extended mode. You get a 12.5” 3:2 Laptop with two 12.5” full-size displays allowing you to utilize the full portrait display with the wireless keyboard. Tablet/reader mode: The tablet and reader mode gives you a giant 17.3” (4:3 aspect ratio) display which can be used as a folded e-book or as a tablet and as you can imagine, without the keyboard.  Desktop mode: Thanks to the sturdy kickstand on the back of the display, one can completely unfold the display and use it as an all-in-one, along with the Bluetooth keyboard. When fully unfolded and used in desktop mode, the device offers a 17.3-inch screen with a 2560 x 1920 pixels resolution, and a 4:3 aspect ratio. The bezels were not too thick in my opinion, but they are not as thin as those found on some flagship laptops. The left bezel (in desktop mode) houses the webcam with IR sensors. When folded and used in laptop mode, it offers a 12.5-inch screen space, 1920 x 1080 pixels resolution, and a 3:2 aspect ratio. The Zenbook 17 Fold OLED UX9702 versatility can be enticing to people who work in different environments like office, home, travelling, and relaxing. At $3,500 it appears only enthusiasts will be ready to pay such a hefty amount to purchase it. With Asus getting almost everything right with its first-generation foldable screen laptop, it is certain that its future foldable screen will certainly offer a better experience. It appears that it will take a couple of years for such a device to become a mass-market product. Learn more about the unique Zenbook UX9702 OLED here