The Indigenous Heads of Church denominations in Ngbolizhia, Ohaukwu LGA of Ebonyi State have condemned in totality the gruesome murder of one, Chinonso Elom and all other killings that took place in the area by unknown gunmen recently. The leaders of the various church denominations made this known in a communique issued after the wailing breakfast prayers held at the Methodist Cathedral Ndulo Ngbo, Ohaukwu LGA of Ebonyi state. The communique was signed by the heads of various Church denominations, Peter Onwe – President Ngbo Christian Union, Sis. Patricia Ede- President Izhia Christian Union, Evang. Chukwuma Agbo- President Ngbo and Izhiangbo Evangelistic Group, Rt. Rev. Onwe -Bishop, Christ Ascension Church, Izhia District. Others include; Rev. Michael Ali – District Superintendent, Assemblies of God, Rt. Rev. Lawson O. Elom -Methodist Bishop, Pastor Paul J. Philips – Whole Life Bible Church and Rev. Fidelis Anwuru – President Ngbolizhia Ministers Association. The Church leaders, however, tasked the Ebonyi State government led by David Umahi and security agencies in the state to fish out the killers of Chinonso Elom and others involved in the killings of other innocent citizens in Ngbolizhia communities. Recall that the late Chinonso Elom hails from Umuogudu Akpu Ngbo in Ohaukwu LGA of Ebonyi State and was murdered on Sunday 5th February 2023, by unknown gunmen. The communique reads in part; “The Indigenous Heads of Church Denominations gathered in a Breakfast Sober Wailing Prayers to lament on the massive killing of innocent souls in Ngbolizhia which is increasing daily in very high frequency. “We condemn in its entirety the gruesome murder of Mr. Chinonso Elom of Umuogudu Akpu Ngbo on Sunday 5th February 2023 and all other killings that have taken place in Ngbolizhia. “The Christian Leaders condemn in its entirety the violent and frequent crisis erupting in Ngbolizhia. We also condemn the situation whereby some leaders in Ngbolizhia abuse their positions by luring some of our youths into cultism and use them as foot soldiers for the execution of murder and other forms of wickedness. The Church leaders warned the perpetrators of the killings in Ngbolizhia to repent from their wickedness urgently or be prepared to face the curse and wrath of God. “We call on Government and Security Agencies to ensure that all the people involved directly or indirectly in the murder of Mr. Chinonso Elom and all others should squarely face the wrath of the law and those who are not yet arrested should be apprehended to go in for what they have committed. The Church leaders alleged that the murderers of late Chinonso Elom were conveyed with an All Progressive Congress, APC, branded vehicle and called for further investigation into the matter.