The D-8 organization for Economic Cooperation has said the situation caused by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria would soon normalize. The organization gave the assurance while consoling with the victims of the February 6 earthquake in Turkey and Syria which claimed nearly 42000 lives. D-8, also known as Developing-8, is an organization for development cooperation among the following countries: Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Nigeria, Pakistan and Turkiye. A statement by the Secretary General, Amb. Isiaka Abdulqadir Imam, after the 46th Meeting of the D-8 Commissioners in Istanbul, Turkiye, said member countries expressed unanimous solidarity with the peoples and governments of the Republic of Turkiye on the natural disaster. The D-8 Commissioners expressed unanimous solidarity with the peoples and government of the Republic of Turkey over the unfortunate incident. At the meeting, Amb. Imam briefed member countries on the status update of the D-8 Organization and underlined the achievements of the Organization, exemplified by the increased activities of the Organization, since he assumed office in January, 2022. The Secretary General also highlighted progress made in the sectoral areas of cooperation of the D-8, particularly in civil aviation, industry and SMEs, creative economy, trade and investment, and tourism. Imam underlined the strengthened engagement with the United Nations and its specialized bodies, which will be the model of external cooperation with other international organizations. During the meeting, attended by all the Commissioners from the D-8 Member States, the chairperson, Madame Wahida Ahmed, the D-8 Commissioner of Bangladesh, underlined the importance of developing alternative energy sources, augmenting agricultural productivity, and creative economic development strategies. Ahmed underlined that the D-8 Organization has evolved and expanded its areas of cooperation, including technology, connectivity, youth empowerment, education, trade, and investment. She urged the Organization to embark on novel initiatives to address contemporary challenges. The D-8 member states reiterated their readiness to contribute to the activities for the development and growth of the Organization and discussed administrative and financial issues, such as budget, projects and initiatives, and expansion of cooperation with other international organizations, which are essential for the D-8 Organization. While in Istanbul, the D-8 Commissioners also visited the D-8 Secretariat. The Secretary General underlined that the visit by the Commissioners to the Secretariat provided an opportunity to see firsthand the atmosphere of the Secretariat in executing mandates accorded to it. The D-8 Organization for Economic Cooperation is an international organization founded by Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Nigeria, Pakistan, and in 1997.