Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi on Monday met with the Aare Onakakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams in Lagos. The former Anambra governor presented his blueprint to the traditional leader at the latter’s residence in Omole Phase 2. Obi, who confirmed he has embraced restructuring, said his plans on the economy, tourism, security and agriculture, among others, remain pivotal to pulling the nation out of the political quagmire. He submitted that the agenda of his administration was all-inclusive, with a prominent focus on the unity of Nigeria as well as a robust economy. The frontrunner highlighted the economic potentials of the Northern and Southern regions, noting that his visit to Adams was part of the ongoing consultations. Obi said prominent leaders like former president Olusegun Obasanjo, Pa Ayo Adebanjo and Chief Edwin Clark would not be supporting his ambition if it were about money. “There are others who can give billions to the elders and leaders, but I have no money to give. I have a strong desire to change the country,” he stated. The LP flagbearer restated his commitment to making Nigeria work for everybody, assuring his government would do things differently. Obi made reference to how the Philippines, Vietnam, India and China, with their huge population, succeeded in ensuring food and human security, saying: “I will make Sambisa Forest an Agric village and also explore the tourism sector and address the spate of insecurity.” In his response, Adams pointed out that the visit was not an endorsement but a show of respect to the revered stool that had been in existence since 1587. The Aare said by virtue of his title as well as leadership of the Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) and Oodua Progressives Union (OPU), he is a major player and stakeholder in the South-West and Nigeria. Adams pointed out that Obi’s respect for the stool he occupies is a reflection of his understanding of Nigeria’s problems. “I appreciate your gesture and respect. You gave us short notice on your visit; I appreciate the fact that you keep to time. It is a show of your passion and dedication,” he said. He added: “Anybody that wants to be the Nigerian president should restructure the country into federating units where each region will develop at their own pace.” He recalled that the nation’s founding fathers agreed on an enduring template of federalism based on the Independence constitution of 1960. The Yoruba leader lamented how the military came and thwarted the polity by changing federalism to unitary system. Stressing that Obi’s “beautiful ideas” will be difficult to implement if Nigeria is not restructured to regionalism, the Aare wished him well ahead of the February 25 presidential poll.