Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara State, on Thursday, held an emergency security council meeting to design strategies to maintain law and order amid biting fuel scarcity and currency swap challenge. A task force headed by the Deputy Governor, Kayode Alabi, was also approved by the governor to monitor the fuel scarcity and currency swap crises in the state. In attendance at the security council meeting were Deputy Governor Kayode Alabi, some cabinet members, security commanders, and the Emir of Ilorin and Chairman of the Kwara State Council of Chiefs Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari. With security commanders and cabinet members presenting field reports on the question of fuel, currency issues and security situation in the state, the meeting called for calm while serious efforts are being made to ease the fuel shortage and the challenges arising from the currency redesign. The governor said the views expressed at the meeting will be presented at the Council of State meeting, which has been slated for Friday, according to a statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, in Ilorin on Thursday. The security council called for setting up a state government task force to interface with various oil marketers and make things easy for the people of the state. The statement disclosed that the council was also briefed about the deployment of some Nigerian Air Force’s air assets to the state to strengthen security and public peace. Other members of the task force are Commissioner for Business, Innovation and Technology Ibrahim Akaje; Commissioner for Special Duties Hon. Olaitan Buraimoh; Special Adviser on Security; Special Adviser on Special Duties, and Senior Special Assistant on Security. Others include the representative of the Emir of Ilorin and Chairman of the Council of Chiefs; representatives of the Police, DSS, Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, and independent oil marketers. The terms of reference of the committee will be to monitor fuel supply and effective distribution of same in the state, compliance of marketers with the best practices and in the best interest of the public, and prevent abuse of any kind in cooperation with the fuel marketers.