The Ohanaeze Ndigbo socio-political organization has urged the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to ensure that Biafra agitator, Simon Ekpa is extradited to Nigeria and punished for his atrocities in the South East. Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, the Secretary-General of Ohanaeze, made the call while reacting to Ekpa’s arrest by Finnish authority. DAILY POST reported that the Biafra agitator was arrested on Thursday in Finland 48 hours before the commencement of Nigeria’s general elections. The Finland-based legal practitioner and a former athlete is known for his subversive comments against the country and its leadership. The political activist had in recent years spoken against the unity of the country, insisting the Republic of Biafra must be achieved. Ekpa increased his campaigns after June 2021 re-arrest and repatriation of Nnamdi Kanu, founder of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Security and intelligence service have linked the kidnapping and murders in the South East to Ekpa’s speeches. However, Isiguzoro described Ekpa as an international terrorist who should be punished. Speaking with DAILY POST, Isiguzoro said: “If truly the Finnish authorities arrested Simon Ekpa over international terrorism, then they should extradite him back to Nigeria where his killer gang is killing a lot of people. A lot of killings have been associated with Simon Ekpa in the South East. “It’s certain that Simon Ekpa is a global terrorist and should be made to face trial for his atrocities. I call on the Federal Government through the Attorney General, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs [to] ensure that Ekpa is handed over to the Nigerian authority so he would answer for the genocide and ethnic cleansing of Igbos, and destruction of properties. “It’s cheering news to the people of the South East and with the arrest of Ekpa, we expect that the violence and insecurity and the killer squad in the South East will no longer have a backbone. “They should confiscate Ekpa’s account for sponsoring terrorism in the South East. Igbos in Finland have done their best to ensure we nip in the bud [the] killings and violence caused by Ekpa. Ekpa must not be allowed to escape justice, the Finnish authority must not release him. The Federal Government, through the Attorney General, must not allow Ekpa to escape through the Finnish laws.”