The Speaker of the Osun State House of Assembly, Timothy Owoeye has condemned the killing of Ebenezer Alaro, a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ilesa on Friday. The Speaker in a statement by his Media Aide, Kunle Alabi also called on the Nigeria Police to leave no stone unturned in unravelling the circumstances leading to the murder of the deceased. While calling on the Police to investigate the gruesome murder of Alaro to ensure those involved are brought to justice, Owoeye said such a heinous crime if not quickly investigated and perpetrators docked could aggravate an already tense situation that could lead to a breakdown of law and order in the state before and during the forthcoming general elections. According to him, “It is quite unfortunate that one of our devoted party members was murdered after our rally on Friday. Politics shouldn’t be a do-or-die affair. The young man who was actively involved in the rally was shot in front of his father’s house. “The Police and other relevant security agencies must be seen to be alive to their constitutional responsibility of protecting the lives of citizens. A quick investigation into the murder will serve as a deterrent to people who are hell-bent on distrusting the peace of our society. “The times we are in calls for serious actions by security agencies so that the already tense environment doesn’t lead to a situation where citizens will resort to self-help and jungle justice. “It is my belief that the State Commissioner of Police will leave up to his responsibility of not allowing the state to slide into anarchy by urgently seeing to it that culprits in the said murder are brought to book. “I want to appeal to our people to allow for peace with the hope that Police will in no distant time resolve the case of Ebenezer Alaro’s killing, the Speaker emphasised. Ebenezer Alaro it was gathered was killed in front of his father’s house at Aromire Street, ilesa. The deceased was trailed to his home and shot dead after he participated in the early morning rally organised by the Speaker to shore up support for the candidates of APC in the forthcoming February 25th election. Meanwhile, the Osun APC has condemned the killing of Alaro and described it as callous, wicked and inhuman. In a statement by Tajudeen Lawal, the Osun APC acting Chairman, made available by Kola Olabisi, the party’s Director of Media and Information on Saturday, charged the police to get to the root of the killing of one of his party members. He also accused the Osun chapter of the PDP of injecting violence into the body polity of the state, warning the Osun PDP that such ungodly conduct would earn them no good in the long run. “I am imploring our members to refuse the temptation to size up with the PDP combatants whose only idea of winning the election is shedding of human blood,” Lawal enjoined. Akindele Adekunle, the Osun PDP caretaker chairman in the state alleged that it was the APC thugs that went on rampage in Ilesa on Friday and shot at the homes of the parents of Olusanya Omirin, a House of Representatives candidate of the party and Sunday Bisi, another stalwart and former chairman of the party in the state The attacks, according to a statement signed by the PDP, Akindele Adekunle, is a continuation of the APC’s pattern of violence to intimidate members and supporters of the PDP from active participation in the upcoming elections. The PDP called on security agencies in the state to come to the rescue of PDP members and supporters, warning that it could not continue to guarantee the patience of members and supporters to the unceasing attacks of the APC. Meanwhile, the Osun State Police Command has confirmed that a life was lost in Ilesa East local government area of the state on Friday. Yemisi Opalola, the spokesperson of the Command on Saturday also said the police is investigating the killing to bring the perpetrators to book. “We are aware of the killing on Friday and we are working round the clock to bring the perpetrators to book. “We don’t have any information if he is a politician or not. Every life matters regardless of political party affiliation. It is not good to take life,” Opalola added.