The Osun State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday told all elected National Assembly members under the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to be ready for legal battle. The Osun APC made this known through its Acting State Chairman, Tajudeen Lawal at a press conference held in Osogbo. Reacting to the results of the February 25 National Assembly elections announced by the Independent National Election Commission (INEC), Lawal, who was represented by Kola Olabisi, the party’s Director of Media and Information, disclosed that the exercise was characterised with malpractice. DAILY POST had earlier reported that the PDP in Osun recorded total victory in the Saturday, February 25, 2023 National Assembly polls. The party won all the three senatorial and nine federal constituency seats leaving none to its closest rival political party, the APC. According to the APC, “Our message to the beneficiaries in the declared phantom election results is that they should not rejoice as most of the PDP candidates will have cases to answer at the tribunal. “May we caution the sacked state Governor Ademola Adeleke and his partner in political crime, the sit-tight and expired state caretaker committee chairman, Dr Akindele Adekunle, to stop insulting the sensibilities of the discerning members of the state and beyond with their statements, even before the official announcement of the results, justifying the over-voting charge hanging on Adeleke’s neck at the Court of Appeal which had earlier been affirmed by the state governorship election petition tribunal in Osogbo.” “The embattled Governor Adeleke should open his ears wide enough to comprehend that the phoney last Saturday’s elections results cannot confer any advantage on his bad case at the Court of Appeal,” he added. Osun APC, which alleged that the state chapter of the PDP deployed thugs to intimidate and harass voters during Saturday’s Presidential and National Assembly elections, claimed that the state was under siege by PDP sponsored thugs during the election. Reacting, Osun PDP Director of Media and Publicity, Oladele Bamiji maintained that the National Assembly polls were held under a very peaceful atmosphere. Bamiji also stated that the results declared were a true reflection of the collective will of the Osun people. While warning Osun APC not to see the court as a department in their party, Bamiji stated that PDP is ready to meet APC in court. “They should not begin to make the mistake of making the court appear as if it is a department in APC. The court is for all Nigerians regardless of class, status, and political affiliation. “Wherever they want to go, we will meet them there. Anybody condemning what happened on Saturday is just messing around,” he declared.