As Nigerians continue to battle cash crunch, prostitutes operating in Umuahia have devised new strategies. They now take lower payment for services they render to their customers. The new service offers 60% and 70% slash from their old prices. Findings conducted around some red light areas in the capital city and some adjoining areas like Umudike, host community of Michael Okpara University of Agriculture, revealed the current survival strategies by the sex workers. The survival strategy also included what they called 1 for 1 bonanza, which offers 1 extra round of sex the customers that pays with cash. For instance, at Ojike street by Bende road, there are two night clubs opposite the Umuahia North LGA headquarters. Also at Abia tower junction, off Enugu-Port Harcourt expressway in Umuahia, sex workers operating in the area now take as low N1,500 instant (quickie) with cash payment, for a round of sex, but charge higher for money transfer. DAILY POST gathered that most customers of the sex workers at Abia tower are tanker and trailer drivers who ply the highway but stop over at the place to ‘cool off’. Therefore, the sex workers prefer to have their payments in cash. One of the sex workers who simply gave her name as Stefanie, told DAILY POST correspondent that she came from a high institution to ‘hustle’. Stefanie, who said she was 23, said she had been using the business to sustain herself in school, as according to her, what her parents gave her was inadequate to sponsor her university education, hence, her foray into commercial sex. She revealed that she previously made about N90,000 from her business in any good week but lamented that “I now struggle to make up to N20, 000 cash per week since this naira scarcity started.” Stefanie, who spoke at Ojike street continued, “My colleague and I started using a new style to retain our old customers and to get new ones. Some of the measures are to collect low cash or to give one extra round to our customer. We have also reduced our price for day break service.” The 23-year-old called for an immediate end to the naira crises as according to her, “this CBN people don pepe us, our customers no dey pick our call again.” (sic) But on realising that this reporter was asking more questions instead of patronising her, she exploded in anger. “Oga, which one you dey, na so so tori I come tell you for this place or na business I come do If you never ready, abeg comot jor,” she said and zoomed back into the night club.