The absence of the former governor of Gombe State, Danjuma Goje at the Presidential Campaign rally of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Gombe State last Monday is creating uneasy calm in the ruling party. Goje, who represents Gombe Central in the Senate, was reported to be at loggerheads with the incumbent Governor, Inuwa Yahaya. DAILY POST checks revealed that during the APC primaries last year, Goje and Yahaya were reconciled by party leaders with Goje promising to work with Yahaya to deliver the party in the forthcoming elections. But sources claimed that no sooner was Goje given the senatorial ticket that he began to renege on the agreement, allegedly instructing his associates to work against the governor. Investigations revealed that Goje was absent in all local APC campaign outings that the governor led in Gombe State. Goje, it was gathered, was also absent at the inauguration of the state’s APC Campaign Council and flag-off of campaign rallies performed by the National Chairman of the party, Abdullahi Adamu. However, his absence at the presidential rally of the party in Gombe is presently unsettling the party, as speculation is rife that Goje might be working with the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar. The rally had in attendance the Gombe State Governor, the APC presidential candidate Bola Tinubu and his running mate Kashim Shettima, national chairman Abdullahi Adamu, the president of the Senate Ahmad Lawan, Senator Ali Modu Sheriff, Governors of Yobe, Borno, Jigawa and Plateau, and many other dignitaries. A chieftain of the party who preferred to remain anonymous said the leadership of the party was already aware of Goje’s antics. He said: “The leadership, both Asiwaju and chairman Adamu are all aware. They are the people that stood as sureties for Goje to prevail on Governor Inuwa to forgive him and give him a senatorial ticket. Now he has let them down. You know Buhari already had a bitter experience with Goje when he campaigned under the CPC in 2007 and 2011.” Also, another party chieftain said he was among those that pleaded with the governor to allow Goje to return to the Senate. “I was among the people that begged Governor Inuwa to forgive Senator Goje and give him the senatorial ticket. Goje himself swore that he would never work against the governor. But you can now see the moment he got his ticket he returned to his old tricks,” he said. Efforts to speak to Goje and the spokesperson of the governor were unsuccessful at the time of writing this report.