Members of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, have been advised to settle down and contribute meaningfully to the development of their host communities. The Director General of NYSC, Brig. Gen. Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed gave the advice today while declaring the 2023 Batch ‘A’ Stream One Orientation Course closed at the Niger State orientation camp in Paiko. Reminding them that their membership of the scheme does not confer any immunity on them from the legal consequences of any wrongdoing, Gen. Ahmed urged all corps members to avoid meddling in local politics of their host communities, but rather integrate with them and respect their cultures. He also encouraged them to build on the skills acquired during the entrepreneurship development training in camp, and participate in post-camp to become self-reliant. “On our part, we will continue to liaise with financial institutions and other stakeholders with a view to providing start-up loans to enable you [to] actualise your business dreams. “As you begin the next phase of the service, l urge you to sustain the spirit of patriotism, hard work and resilience, which you imbibed during the orientation course,” he said. The NYSC boss further advised corps members to avoid acts that can endanger their lives “such as staying out late, attending night parties, visitation to dangerous places and acceptance of car ride and gifts from strangers.” He advised corps members also to avoid acts that can portray the NYSC in a bad light, such as drug abuse and trafficking, cybercrime, advanced fee fraud and spreading of fake news. Aside from appealing to them to serve as good ambassadors of the NYSC as well as their families and respective institutions, Ahmed also admonished them to use social media for self-improvement as well as the promotion of unity, peace and national development. The NYSC DG did not fail to warn all corps members against unauthorized journeys and boarding vehicles by the roadsides adding that “travelling at night will not only increase the risk of accidents but also make rescue difficult.” “Cut your trips from six o’clock in the evening and pass the night at NYSC lodges, military barracks and other locations officially designated as safe. “You should board vehicles only at approved motor parks so as to avoid falling into the hands of criminals,” he stated. Niger State coordinator of NYSC, Mr Hassan Taura in his welcome remarks attributed the successful conduct of the three weeks orientation course to the teamwork by all camp officials.