The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Saturday, warned that nothing should happen to its leader, Nnamdi Kanu in custody of the Department of State Service, DSS. IPOB said if anything happens to Kanu in DSS it will “be a tit for tat” towards anybody behind the kidnap and extraordinary rendition of its leader from Kenya to Nigeria. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB said Kanu’s medical needs can’t be met in DSS custody. IPOB said the DSS lied about Kanu’s health because it has not improved while in custody. Emma Powerful, the spokesman of IPOB said DSS has refused to give Kanu his prescription medication regularly. A statement by Powerful reads partly: “The attention of the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, under the able leader, Nnamdi Kanu, has been drawn to the insulting and provoking statement credited to the infamous DSS agents that Kanu is being properly taken care of inside their dungeon by the lawless DSS criminal agency. “Again, we want Biafrans, Nigerians, and the International Community to know that the Nigerian Department of State Services (DSS) has continued to deny Kanu access to his personal doctor as ordered by the court, and has not provided him with his medical records either. “He is not being provided with his prescription medication regularly. Kanu is still being starved because his feeding has also not improved. “Our leader’s health is deteriorating daily inside DSS solitary confinement, while DSS continues to defy the judgment and legitimate orders of courts of competent jurisdiction. “The spurious claim therefore by the lawless DSS that Mazi Nnamdi KANU is properly being taken care of medically, is not just an insult to the sensibilities of Biafrans, but very provocative as well. IPOB has maintained a peaceful and nonviolent stance in our movement and struggle to restore Biafra, and we intend to continue the peaceful agitation for a Biafra Independence referendum. “But this peaceful struggle will not be guaranteed if anything happens to Kanu in the DSS dungeon. If anything untoward happens to our leader in the hands of the Nigeria government and DSS, it will be a tit for tat towards any individual, group, and institution that is involved in the kidnap and extraordinary rendition of our leader from Kenya to Nigeria and much more.”