The Delta State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has accused the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Vice Presidential Candidate and Governor of Delta State, Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa and the PDP governorship candidate, Rt. Hon. Sheriff Oborevwori of allegedly making efforts to “clandestinely” change the outcome of Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections in the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the Delta State APC Publicity Secretary, Valentine Onojeghuo Esq. “As a political party, we are pained that the will of the people to vote for candidates of their choice, is now being subverted through the rewriting of already collated results by, Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa and Sheriff Oborowheri, who coincidentally also lost their unit and LGA to the Labour Party. “Because we so much respect the tenets of democracy, and the right of the electorate of our beloved Delta State and the teaming supporters of the APC and LP, to vote for their Presidential Candidates, as an expression of anger against the notorious borrower, Gov. Okowa, we call on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to also respect the rights of voters by releasing the authentic results of the Presidential election, where the State Governor was roundly defeated in his own ward, LGA and Federal Constituency, and in the entire state.” He (Onojeghuo) noted that the APC and the Labour Party, LP won in some parts of the state but they’re allegedly being rigged out by Governor Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa. According to Onojeghuo, “Delta APC after carefully and diligently scrutinising available results collated at various units and wards by our agents and INEC officials, our Party convincingly won the Delta South and Central Senatorial elections, while the LP candidate won Delta North, but they are currently being rigged out by Okowa, through rewriting of already collated results. “The APC also won the House of Reps in Bomadi/Patani, Uwvie/Sapele/Okpe, Burutu, Warri and Ndokwa Federal Constituencies, while the SDP candidate won the Isoko Federal Constituency and LP winning Aniocha and Oshimili Federal Constituencies, respectively. “However, the results are now being manipulated in favour of the PDP, which we consider unacceptable and against democratic values. “As a party that believes so much in the right of the people to choose their preferred candidates, we will not allow nor accept the victory of candidates, like, Peter Obi, Ede Dafinone, Joel Onowakpor-Thomas and others, be stolen by the PDP in collusion with identified unscrupulous elements in the state. “While we wait to trounce and crush the Sheriff Oborevwori ticket, come March 11th 2023, for taking the people of Delta State for a ride, through supporting fraud inspired borrowings. “We will not in this vain allow the victory of our party candidates and those of other parties be snatched or thwarted by anyone. “The APC will not be held responsible or liable, should the masses of the State and the growing members of the frustrated voters decide to protest the current rewriting of already collated results being undertaken by the agents of Okowa and the PDP.”