Over 100 supporters of the Labour Party, LP, especially in Abakaliki/Izzi and Ohaukwu/Ebonyi federal constituencies on Monday protested the alleged rigging, mutilation of election results and connivance of INEC officials with politicians to award figures to the candidates of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The protesters who stormed INEC headquarters in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi State, demanded that the results that were allegedly awarded to the candidates of APC be cancelled. The protesters carried placards with various inscriptions such as “Say no to rigging,” “The power of the people is greater than the people in power,” “INEC should not play with our destiny,” and “Democracy is not a dictator’s sport.” Other inscriptions include “Give us our victory,” “Let democracy reign,” “Say no to corruption,” “Our votes must count,” and “Say no to rigging.” The protesters who spoke to newsmen through the candidates of the Labour Party, for Abakaliki/Izzi and Ohaukwu /Ebonyi federal constituencies at the INEC headquarters, called on President Muhammadu Buhari and Nigerians, in general, to prevail on the Resident Electoral Commissioner in Ebonyi State to do the right thing. The Labour Party House of Representatives candidates for Abakaliki/Izzi and Ohaukwu /Ebonyi federal constituencies, Emmanuel Eze and Prince Chibueze Agbo alleged that “bad elements in INEC are trying to manipulate our results.” Eze said: “The election results from Abakaliki/ Izzi federal constituency are yet to be declared up till now. They kept mutilating the results. “This is 48 hours after the election has been conducted. They are manufacturing figures and we will not agree. The Electoral Officers for Abakaliki/ Izzi and Ohaukwu/Ebonyi federal constituencies should tell us how much they have collected to frustrate the wishes of the masses. “I’m the candidate of LP for Abakaliki, Izzi federal constituency who won overwhelmingly. INEC must announce our results because Labour Party, LP, won the election.” Prince Chibueze Agbo, who is contesting for Ohaukwu, Ebonyi Federal Constituency, said: “Nobody is happy with what is happening in Nigeria today. But I’m happy that the masses are giving the Obidient movement massive support everywhere. “Those few bad elements in INEC that are trying to thwart the wishes of the masses will never succeed. I know, together we will get our mandate, and victory back. They (INEC) should not take the masses for granted. It’s better to allow the electoral revolution to prevail than violence.”