A stalwart of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, as well as another from the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, exchanged brickbats on Sparkling FM radio station in Calabar, the Cross River State capital, on the poor governance and sufferings Nigerians have been subjected to. Both were guests at the flagship talkshow morning programme, Let’s Talk Nigeria, sponsored by the radio. Former member, House of Representatives, Ambassador Nkoyo Toyo stated that the ruling party, APC, has nothing to show for being in power for nearly eight years. She contended that the party has only succeeded in plunging increased numbers of Nigerians into untold poverty, hunger, deaths, lamentations and sufferings. She maintained strongly that the APC does not have any scorecard to show but disaster. “APC does not have any scorecard at all to present to Nigerians. Eight years in power, they have continued to perpetually blame PDP for their incompetence and failure. Wouldn’t they have been able to make a difference, by reducing hunger, reducing criminality, improving on governance? Instead they have become worse. They are a complete disaster. “The number of poor people have rather increased. Nigerians should run away from APC because they have compounded the socio-economic woes of Nigerians. Vote them out of power,” she said. Making his inputs over the telephone, spokesman of the APC campaign council in the state and former presidential aide, Chief Okoi Obono-Obla, said their party has done very well in about eight years in power. He blamed the current hardships experienced by Nigerians on the 16 years of alleged misgovernance of the opposition PDP. According to him, PDP wasted N16 billion on power infrastructure and also left over N300 billion debts. “There’s hardship everywhere. Inflations have become a global thing now because countries are interdependent. Nigeria is only lucky that our percentage of the inflation is very low compared to even neighbouring Ghana. Advanced countries are witnessing it. The grave impacts of COVID-19 and the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war have also tremendously affected Nigeria’s economy. “Today, APC national government has fixed the road infrastructure. In Cross River State, to start with, the Ikom bridge was completed and commissioned. There’s also the Nigeria-Cameroon bridge completed and commissioned. Many federal roads have been rehabilitated. “We’re not expected to right all the wrongs left behind by 16 years of poor leadership of PDP which left very ugly legacies. “We are happy to say that APC has today made Nigeria to become exporter of rice. “But Nigeria earned over $500 Billion in revenue during PDP administration yet they squandered and stole all the money leaving the country bankrupt. “Today we have invested in vulnerable Nigerians through many microcredit schemes. We have intervened in many other sectors. So the electorate have us in their confidence,” he said.