Simi, Adekunle, Mercy Aigbe, Do2dtun and other Nigerian celebrities were undeterred by the raging currency crisis as they marked this year’s Valentine in glamour. The central essence of Valentine’s day celebrations worldwide is love. Nigeria’s favourite celebrities did everything to enjoy the splendour the special day brings. Every February 14 is considered globally as a day dedicated to lovers to express their affection toward one another with different kinds of gifts. This year Valentine’s was celebrated in style by a lot of Nigerian celebrities. For some of the celebrities, it was all about appreciating their spouses, and taking beautiful pictures, while it was also a romantic moment to shower fans with love and affection on social media. A famous Nollywood actress, Mercy Aigbe got a special treat to the Maldives with her husband, Kazim Adeoti. Sharing pictures of the breakfast session they had on the sea on her Instagram page, Mercy reaffirmed how much she loves her husband. Celebrating the day, actor Muyiwa Ademola, popularly known as Authentic, shared a beautiful photo of his wife, whom he described as his “special soulmate.” Sharing her pictures, he said, “love should be a course to be learned in school and should be a pillar on which society should stand.” Similarly, singer Adekunle Gold gifted his wife Simi with a bouquet, cake and jewellery. Sharing the lovely gifts from her husband in a video on her Instagram page, Simi appreciated the singer, saying she had never seen the type of cake he got her. Also, actor Rotimi Salami, in his warm note to his wife, said, “Still in the Valentine spirit.” Sharing the picture of himself and his wife, Rotimi noted how his wife has always held him close and that every day is Valentine’s Day for them. Nigerian musician, Innocent Idibia, known professionally as 2face, took to his Instagram page to share a photo of his wife, Annie Idibia, who he also called a ‘girlfriend’. Popular Nigerian entrepreneur and socialite Obinna Iyiegbu, a.k.a Obi Cubana, who, in a grand romantic gesture, presented his wife with 300 roses to celebrate the special day, said “Love planted a rose and the world turned sweet. Happy Valentine Fam.” Nollywood actress and influencer Destiny Etiko, who wasn’t left out of the show, took to her Instagram page to share photos of herself in her unique outfit. Another Nollywood actress, Blessing Nkechi, whose birthday coincides with the day of love, celebrated the two in Zanzibar with her lover. Also, Popular On Air Personality, OAP, Oladotun Ojuolape Kayode, professionally known as Do2dtun, took a different direction from his colleagues and celebrated with his kids instead. Nigeria’s challenges would always roar at you, but the nerve is on every Nigerian to take time to reel out stress because ‘problem e no dey finish’.