The Enugu State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Campaign Council has denied allegation of forgery of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, certificate against its governorship candidate, Dr. Peter Mbah, describing it as the conjecture of an indolent opposition and the last kick of a dying horse. DAILY POST reports that news emerged on Monday that the NYSC discharge certificate Mbah presented to the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, was allegedly forged. The group behind the news alleged that it conducted a check under the FOI Act and found out that Mbah’s certificate was forged. But addressing journalists, the PDP Campaign Council dismissed the claim. The PDP said Mbah participated in the NYSC scheme in Lagos State, and vowed to bring to justice all those behind the allegations. The party displayed photographs showing that Mbah participated in the scheme, wondering how he would collect a fake certificate after going through the entire processes of the scheme. It said opposition political parties in Enugu had since come to terms with the fact that they had no prospects in the 2023 governorship election and therefore resorted to smear campaigns. The Director of Public Communications and Spokesperson of the Enugu State PDP Campaign Council, Nana Ogbodo, who addressed journalists said, “there is no truth whatsoever to the allegation”. He said: “Our attention has been drawn to a press conference by a faceless group in Abuja, which claimed to have conducted a check at the NYSC under the Freedom of Information Act 2011, which purportedly showed that our governorship candidate, Dr. Peter Mbah, submitted a forged NYSC certificate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “We make bold to say that Dr. Peter Mbah was duly mobilised for the one-year mandatory national youth service in Lagos in 2002, duly completed the exercise and was issued with an NYSC discharge certificate. “We state unequivocally that these purveyors of malicious falsehood are the real forgers, as everything about the letter they claimed to have emanated from the NYSC bears all the imprimaturs of forgery; the language too inelegant and unofficial to have emanated from the NYSC. “We have equally observed that the said malicious press statement was not signed by any official of the faceless group. “We call on media organisations and interested Nigerians to approach the NYSC to confirm the veracity of the purported letter”. “We are however taking steps in accordance with the provisions of the law to bring the perpetrators to book”. The Enugu PDP Campaign Council said that the opposition had tried their hands in other malicious and criminal falsehoods, including forgery of court processes to malign and bring down Dr. Peter Mbah. “Rather than present and market their manifestos to the Enugu electorate, they had earlier forged court processes and also filed frivolous and malicious lawsuits claiming that Dr. Mbah had entered into a plea of guilt and plea bargain, hence not qualified to stand for election. “We call on the Nigerian public to disregard this latest perfidy as the umpteenth mischief by an indolent opposition and last kick of a dying horse”, Ogbodo stated.