Bayelsa State Governor Douye Diri said his emergence as governor was not a mistake but a divine arrangement. Speaking on Sunday during the third anniversary thanksgiving service of his administration at the Ecumenical Centre in Igbogene, he also said God made no mistake in using former governor, Seriake Dickson, as an instrument to bring him into office. The state’s helmsman, who acknowledged that power comes from God, said he deserves a second term in office based on his performance so far and urged the people to shun the pull-him-down syndrome in order for the state to make progress. He rededicated himself to the service of the state and assured that going forward Bayelsa will experience more development. His words: “Today, we are here to thank God for three years of our administration. When we started, there were predictions that we would not last up to a year but we are three years already. “The Bible tells us to rejoice and give thanks in all things and that is why we have come to say thank you to God on behalf of the prosperity government and the people of the state. “Last year, we had an unprecedented flood that affected us immensely. Even in the face of that flood, we said thank you. “Let us not pull ourselves down anymore. Please, let us support one another. Power always comes from God. “It is no mistake I am the Miracle Governor. Even before I was born, there were signs. When God wants to work, He uses instruments that no one expects.” Delivering a sermon, President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, Bishop Francis Wale Oke, decreed God’s blessings upon Governor Diri and the state. In their goodwill messages Senator Moses Cleopas, House of Representative member, Dr Fred Agbedi, President of the Ijaw National Congress (INC), Prof. Benjamin Okaba, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Financial Secretary, Mr Woyengikuro Daniel, and former Military Administrator of Bayelsa State, Navy Captain Caleb Olubolade (retd) all thanked God for His blessings upon Bayelsa and called on the people to close ranks in order to move the state forward. In attendance were Dame Patience Jonathan, wife of former Nigerian president, Deputy Governor Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo and his wife, Beatrice, members of the National Assembly from the state, the Speaker, Abraham Ingobere, and members of the Bayelsa State House of Assembly, the Acting Chief Judge, Justice Matilda Abrakasa, her predecessor, Justice Kate Abiri, members of the state executive council as well as other political appointees and well-wishers.