Valentine’s Day is a day to show love and appreciation to those we hold dear. To celebrate this year’s Valentine’s season, the world’s most desired rum, Captain Morgan, organized the ‘Love like the Captain’ experience in Lagos, Nigeria; held to bring together crew of friends, lovers and consumers of the brand for an evening of music, love, fun, and entertainment through the Booless concert with Chike, followed by a beautiful Dinner with Captain Deks at the Vertigo Lagos.  The ‘Love like the Captain’ campaign kicked off with a vox-pop asking consumers to share their awkward love stories. Entries were collated across the brand’s social media handle: instagram page – @captainmorganng, partner Influencer – @officialadekunleolopade and other media platforms. 10 lucky winners were selected to attend the Booless party live concert which took place at the Muri Okunola Park on Sunday, 12th February 2023. The concert, sponsored by Captain Morgan, featured the award-winning Nigerian artist, Chike, while featuring super star Rexxie and Segun Johnson who thrilled the crowd with their electrifying performances.  The ’Love like the Captain’ experience pinnacled with a Dinner experience at Vertigo Lagos on Tuesday, February 14th, 2023. The winners were treated to an adventure dinner with Captain Morgan and the Big Brother Naija Level-up former housemate, Adekunle, popularly called ‘Captain blind beard’. The Dinner was a night of great fun, tasty meals, delicious cocktails, trivia games, card games, word plays and photo booths, curated to immerse the winners in the fun-loving and adventure spirit of Captain Morgan.  Speaking about the event, the Assistant Brand Manager of Captain Morgan, Boluwatife Ayano, said, ” True to who we are, adventurous, spontaneous fun loving, we wanted to celebrate the season of love with a different twist, bringing our consumers on this voyage with us. The Love like the Captain experience were moments of great tasting Captain Morgan cocktails, glasses clicking, fun times with your crew (loved ones) and most of all making great memories. . It is our delight to celebrate and spread Love ‘The Captain’ style in this Valentine’s Day Celebration.  The Love like the Captain Dinner is one of many events Captain Morgan will be hosting this year. The brand is committed to treating our consumers to unique experiences that embodies the fun-loving and adventure spirit of Captain Morgan in them.  For more information on Captain Morgan, the deliciously golden and ultra-smooth premium spirit drink enjoyed all over the world, the fun adventure of the Booless party, highlights from Chike, as well as the Dinner experience with Adekunle, follow @captainmorganng on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.  Relive adventure moments from the Love like the captain experience through the photos below!   