Famous Nigerian content creator and activist, Adebowale Debo Adedayo, popularly known as Mr Macaroni, has dragged two All Progressives Congress, APC, supporters to court over alleged libellous statements. He said he had ordered his lawyers to file a lawsuit against one Sadiq and Qudus Akanbi, who accused him of collecting N7m from a diaspora group to support the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi. Akanbi, with Twitter username @Qdpaper 2, had in November 2022 tweeted: “Wow wow so Macaroni was giving 7m from diasporans supporters of Peter Obi to make an official statement that he will vote him. So this hungry Elete ponmo is so cheap and this hungry, hey God Dem no dey give shishi they say.” (sic) Macaroni described this as an attack on his reputation and decided to sue him, alongside Sadiq. Revealing the development in a post shared on his Twitter handle, Macaroni explained that the second respondent had already been served his writ of summons. After learning that Macaroni had taken the matter to court, Qudus tweeted: “Dear Macaroni, you have blocked me, and I have blocked you too. You don’t have to look for me. We both live in Lagos, just tell me your lawyer’s chamber and let me pick up my later.” (sic) However, the content creator asked Qudus to reveal his full name so that the letter could be properly addressed to him. Sharing the screenshots of old tweets in which he was falsely accused and attacked by Akanbi with other supporters of the ruling party, he said, “Dear Qudus, I have unblocked you. ”All I need is your full Government name and address so that the letter can be properly addressed to you. Please don’t stress yourself to pick it up. You can Dm me or send it to the mail in my bio. It will be delivered to you as a valentine’s gift. “Of all the people that attack me daily, I called out Qudus and one other Sadiq for false accusations. The reason I made this public is that we couldn’t get an address for Qudus. Sadiq has received his letter, and a suit will follow soon as we get a response.”