Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Chairperson of the Commonwealth Observer Group and former President of South Africa, His Excellency Thabo Mbeki has urged aggrieved candidates to seek legal redress. He said this in Abuja, on Monday, when he presented the Commonwealth Observation group preliminary report. 2. The Kano State Police Command on Monday confirmed the death of two persons after thugs set ablaze the campaign office of the New Nigeria Peoples Party in Tudun Wada Local Government Area of the state on Sunday. The command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Abdullahi Haruna, who confirmed the incident, said four of the suspected hoodlums were arrested. 3. The Labour Party presidential standard bearer, Peter Obi, on Monday, caused a political earthquake in Lagos, defeating the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Ahmed Tinubu in Saturday’s presidential election According to the results announced at the INEC collation centre in Yaba, Obi polled a total of 575,735 votes, while Tinubu garnered 573,001 votes. 4. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has won the senatorial election for Yobe North, Yobe State. The Independent National Electoral Commission declared him winner with 91,318 votes, to defeat his closest rival, Bello Ilu of the Peoples Democratic Party, who polled 22,849 votes. Lawan is returning to the National Assembly for the seventh time. 5. Atiku Abubakar, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Saturday’s election, has emerged winner in Kaduna State. In the final results collated and declared by INEC at the state collation centre, PDP won in 14 Local Government Areas, Labour Party, 7, while the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) won only two LGAs. 6. Armed thugs on Monday invaded some markets in Lagos and attacked traders and buyers. Markets allegedly invaded include Ladipo, Balogun and Ebute-Ero, all on Lagos Island and Mainland. 7. Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has said Saturday’s presidential election failed the integrity test and as such, the election must be cancelled. In a statement on Monday titled “2023 Nigeria Presidential Election: An Appeal For Caution and Rectification”, Obasanjo said INEC officials at operational level have been allegedly compromised. 8. The presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has been declared the winner of the presidential election in Kano State, beating his closest challenger, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress with 479,938 votes. 9. The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders’ Forum, SMBLF, yesterday warned the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, not to tamper with the results of the Presidential and National Assembly elections. 10. The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Saturday’s presidential election, Atiku Abubakar, has defeated his opponents to win the Sokoto State elections with a total of 288,679 votes. Atiku was keenly followed by the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, who scored a total number of 285,444 votes.