The Presidential Campaign of Peoples Democratic Party in Rivers State has accused the Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike of officially joining the All Progressives Congress in the state. The Atiku/Okowa Campaign Council in Rivers State, stated that the visit of the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, at the Government House on Wednesday, after the APC flag bearer’s campaign rally in the state, ends the speculations by Nigerians and denials by Governor Wike of his current political stand. Spokesperson of the Atiku campaign council in the state, Leloonu Nwibubasa, said the current situation has justified the consistent position of the state PCC, that Governor Wike is engaged in anti party activities, and has criminalized the mandate of the PDP, despite offering him the platform upon which he was elected governor. Nwibubasa insisted that the utterances of Governor Wike in time past against President Muhammadu Buhari’s policies and his sudden support for Tinubu, despite his criticisms of the latter, has shown that Wike has no integrity and credibility left in him. “It is highly symbolic, that the reception of the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu and Governors of the APC in the Rivers State Executive Council Chambers, in the full glare of the Rivers State Executive Council, has put an end to all speculations that Governor Wike seeks to turn the seat of power in Rivers State, that is owned and was instituted by the votes of the people for the PDP to the APC. ”And of course, over the months, Governor Wike has been in a hypocritical denial of his political position and has continued to cause disaffection in the Peoples Democratic Party, and has waged a protracted war of his selfish interest against the leadership of the party. “But today, it is clear that Governor Wike’s action is simply not for the interest of the South South nor for national interest, but has always been for his personal interest.” Governor Wike has been rumored to be supporting the presidential candidate of the APC, Tinubu, at the detriment of his party’s candidate, Atiku Abubakar. Wike and his fellow G5 Governors, Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia), Ifeanyi Ugwanyi (Enugu), Seyi Makinde (Oyo) and Samuel Ortom (Benue), have refused to support the PDP presidential candidate, insisting that the major positions of the party should not be held by people of the same region. Governor Wike and his team have demanded for the resignation of Iyorchia Ayu, the National Chairman of the PDP, saying the party chairman cannot come from the same region as the party’s candidate, but the leader of the party has refused to dance to the tune of the G5 Governors. Wike has however been rumored to have pitched his tent with Tinubu, over speculations that he is looking for a soft landing for his political career, after his tenure comes to an end on May 29, 2023.