Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar, has disclosed that his intimate relationship with National Assembly members when he was Nigeria’s vice-president, stopped former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s third-term bid. He said he was eager to re-ignite with the NASS candidates after his election as president, along with their own successful election. 2. The United States Embassy in Nigeria has said it has limited ability to provide emergency services to American citizens in many parts of Nigeria due to insecurity. This was contained in an updated travel advisory alert issued by the embassy on Monday, which it titled, “Reissued with updates to staffing and do not travel areas.” 3. The forgery trial of Femi Fani-Kayode, before the Lagos State Special Offences Court in Ikeja was stalled on Monday as the ex-minister was absent from court. He is standing trial over the alleged use of false documents, fabricated evidence and procuring execution of documents. At the hearing on Monday, the defendant’s counsel, Wale Balogun, informed the court that Fani-Kayode was not in court for health reasons. 4. No fewer than 13 persons, including policemen and hoodlums have reportedly lost their lives during attacks by gunmen on police stations on Sunday and Monday in Anambra State. During the attack on Monday, seven persons, including four policemen were killed by the gunmen who attacked the Awada Police Station, near Obosi, in Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State. 6. Eight students of Madonna University, Elele, Rivers State have reportedly died in an auto crash on their way to Taraba State from Port Harcourt. According to reports, the students were travelling home from school on account of the forthcoming general elections. 7. The 14th Emir of Kano and former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi, has asked Nigerians to support the cashless policy. In a social media post on Monday, Sanusi urged people to be careful and not fall for the manipulation of politicians. 8. Senator Orji Uzor Kalu has said the cash crunch occasioned by the naira redesign policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is taking a toll on him. In an interview on Channels Television’s election programme, The 2023 Verdict, Orji claimed that recently, his family could not get enough money to cook. 9. Following a protest by the ruling party yesterday, the Police Service Commission has replaced the former Director of the Civil Society directorate of the Presidential Campaign Council of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Hajiya Naja’atu Mohammed, as one of the coordinators that will supervise the conduct of police officers during the forthcoming elections. 10. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has stated that the 2023 elections would be held without bags of money at the polling units. INEC also stated that it has concluded plans to conduct credible elections, urging all candidates and politicians to play by the rules of the game.