The convener of the Asiwaju Maritime Network, Malam Usman Ka’oje at the weekend said the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, will win the February 25 presidential election in Nigeria with a clear majority. Speaking to journalists shortly after the group’s walk in support of Tinubu in Apapa, Kaóje said the APC presidential candidate, for the greater good of the people and the country, would harness the maritime sector. “Nigeria needs a strategic thinker, goal-oriented leader with a pragmatic vision. Nigeria needs someone who can transform and convert potential and opportunities into tangible results. Senator Bola Ahmed is truly the choice of the people. Maritime personnel in Nigeria are working hard to gain support for him all over the country,” he stated. Kaóje further stated: “APC, in conjunction with the Asiwaju Maritime Network, has been mobilizing and creating awareness for people in the country to know the need for Asiwaju to be the country’s president. People are coming out to support the move with passion despite the current situation because of our experience with him as a governor of Lagos State 20 years ago. We know how he managed the state without the state allocation from the federal government, so he knows how to face challenges and resolve issues, and that is why we are out to support him.” Tunde Balogun, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress in Apapa Federal Constituency, scolded those working against the ruling party in the country. “We are working with the maritime workers to support the APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu and all other APC candidates contesting in the 2023 elections. We want to signal that despite the work of some rotten eggs to create confusion within APC and Nigerians by introducing some harsh policies at this time, we want to assure them we will remain calm and go out on election day and vote for Asiwaju. He will become the President of Nigeria by the grace of God,” he said. The workers used rallies, parades and slogans in the last six months to gain support for the APC presidential candidate. The 2023 presidential election is a four-horse race between Bola Tinubu, Abubakar Atiku, Peter Obi and Rabiu Kwankwaso. The road walk, led by the Asiwaju Maritime Network and the All Progressives Congress in Apapa, took off from Apapa Port to the Apapa Local Government secretariat.