All Progressives Congress(APC) Presidential candidate Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu said the current hardship is orchestrated by a cabal to cause unrest so that the presidential election could be postponed. Addressing a mammoth crowd at the APC presidential rally on Friday in Ado Ekiti, Tinubu urged Nigerians not to fall for the antics of enemies of democracy. Said he: “This election is very crucial to us in South West. They are hoarding cash and fuel with a view to causing hardship so that the people would storm the streets in anger. Their plot is to disrupt the election timetable and force poll extension. We are wiser and smarter than them. We are going to outsmart them. “I want to implore you to keep your Permanent Voter’s Cards and trek up to your various polling booth and cast your vote for APC.” Tinubu reiterated his earlier position that it is the turn of the Yoruba to produce the president of the country, saying “this election is yours. It is the election you will use to liberate yourselves.” The election, he said, is not about him because he is already a self-made man. Speaking directly to supporters who thronged the venue, he said: “Yoruba, Yoruba, whose turn is it? Relax, this election is yours. You will use it to liberate yourselves. They want to turn us [in]to slaves. We are not slaves. They locked up money. Trek to your polling units, vote and stay with your vote. “I use God to beg you, this matter is not [a] fight, don’t fight them. Those who locked up your money will eventually unlock it. They’re doing it to get you angry so that you can become violent. The rat that eats poison will kill itself.” Tinubu further urged people who have not collected their PVCS to do so, adding: “They want to hoard it and not give you. Don’t allow them to do so.” Earlier in his remarks, the Ekiti State governor, Mr Abiodun Oyebanji said that the party needed little or no campaign for Tinubu, adding that, the people of the state would reward him with their votes because of his good deeds. “We don’t need to campaign much for Tinubu. We have all agreed to vote for him. We want to pay him back for all his good work for Ekiti. “We will return home and like Jehovah’s Witnesses, tell our people that it is Tinubu that can do it. Tell our people to collect their PVCs, whoever does not have PVC is not a friend of Tinubu,” he said. The senator representing Ekiti Central Senatorial District, Opeyemi Bamidele, expressed confidence that the Ekiti electorate would vote massively for Tinubu based on his unmatched track record in governance. Bamidele, seeking re-election on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, who stated this during the rally in Ado-Ekiti, described Tinubu as a thinker with great intellect, electrifying popularity, unifying tentacles and unflagging focus for good governance required to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari. The Chairman, Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, added that Tinubu has developed a workable blueprint to rewrite Nigeria’s history and inject good governance into the body polity, assuring that he is not seeking power to gamble with Nigeria’s destiny.