Ikeja City Mall, Lagos stood agog on Tuesday, February 14, 2023- Valentine’s Day, when Hypo Toilet Cleaner, the leading brand in the toilet hygiene industry made a loud statement at the centre of the mall, attracting a huge crowd to witness the concept of a sing along Toilet along with a special appearance by Alex Asogwa a.k.a AlexUnusual, a Nigerian reality TV star, compere, and actress. The activity tagged “Will You Be My Val?” will remain indelible especially in the minds of those youth and adventure lovers who were present to enjoy themselves while reveling the beautiful sense of pure love which the love season naturally comes along with. Indeed, it was the perfect occasion for shoppers to experience fun-filled activities, such as karaoke, dancing competition, singing, games and trivial questions around Hypo Toilet Cleaner’s functionalities, and most importantly, general conversations bothering on promoting proper toilet hygiene practices and keeping the environment germ-free. Everyone who participated in the event also had the opportunity to win exciting prizes and photo opportunity with the celebrity guest, AlexUnsual.A picture containing person  In the same vein of sustaining the converasation around toilet hygiene and safe toilet use amongst the youth, exactly 2 days earlier, on 12th February, was the Hypo Toilet Cleaner “Hygiene Night” at the National Youth Service Corp orientation camp, Ipaja where Mr Macho and Mrs NYSC were crowned and felicitated. The Hypo Toilet Cleaner Hygiene Night was an interactive session aimed at promoting the importance of maintaining proper toilet hygiene practices, especially in public restrooms. The event was attended by over 5,000 corp members and officials, and participants were given useful tips on how to keep their toilets clean and hygienic. They were also educated on the dangers of using unclean toilets and the negative impact it could have on their health.  Speaking about the brand events, the Brand Manager, Hypo Toilet Cleaner, Mr. Chetan Katarki, said, “We are excited about the success of these events and the fact we are pulling the youth along to become change agents in their respective spaces to visualize and help carry on the vision of hygiene sustenance in our society, be it domestic or environmental”. “No doubt, we are100% committed to promoting proper toilet hygiene practices and keeping our customers’ environment germ-free. Consistently, we continue to anchor our brand communication on positive emotions, to drive across the point that cleanliness and hygiene remain paramount to the stability of human health, and we are happy to see that they are making a positive impact.” he concluded.  The Hypo Toilet Cleaner brand activations were a huge success, and they have helped to promote the importance of cleanliness and hygiene in our environment. The brand is committed to continuing its efforts to educate the public on the benefits of using Hypo Toilet Cleaner and promoting proper toilet hygiene practices.