Member representing Oluyole Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Tolulope Akande-Sadipe, has claimed that fifth columnists are using the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, governor, Godwin Emefiele, against the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. The lawmaker’s outburst was against the backdrop of scarcity of the new naira notes that has left Nigerians groaning over their inability to access funds. The female lawmaker, who is the House Committee Chairman on Diaspora, in a statement on Saturday, said, it was obvious now that the CBN has made itself a tool in hands of opposition, describing the hardship as unfortunate and undeserving. The statement said: “CBN has made itself a tool for the opposition and fifth columnists in the All Progressives Congress (APC) who are behind this hardship for political benefits in the upcoming February 2023 elections. “The shortage of available cash in the Nigerian economy, due to the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) policy and lack of supply of the new naira notes, has led to immense hardship for the people of Nigeria.” She said the Central Bank governor must take responsibility for the hardship Nigerians are subjected to, declaring that it was unacceptable for the nation to suffer at this time. According to her, it was lack of foresight and planning that brought about the confusion despite being a good initiative. The lawmaker lamented the more that there was persistent scarcity of fuel which she attributed to smuggling activities, wondering how the nation found itself in this quagmire few weeks to its elections. “Anyone with the intent to sabotage for political gains does not have the interest of the nation in mind and such behaviour is unacceptable”, Akande-Sadipe stated. “We will not allow a few individuals to hold this nation hostage for their own selfish interests. The incoming administration of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu means well for the people of Nigeria. His antecedence and ongoing blueprint as Governor of Lagos speaks for itself”.