The English Premier League enters its 25th match day this weekend with the expectation of more drama. DAILY POST looks at some of the talking points as the week twenty-five Premier League matches started on Friday night and will end on Sunday evening. Recall that on Friday night, Fulham drew 1-1 with Wolves at Craven Cottage, following goals from Manor Solomon for Fulham and Pablo Sarabia for Wolves. Potter’s emergency meeting with Chelsea co-owners, Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali: Earlier in the week, Boehly and Eghabali held an emergency meeting with manager Potter. The meeting came amid Chelsea’s disastrous run of form this season. The question is what is next for Potter after the meeting. The Englishman, who replaced Thomas Tuchel last September, is under intense pressure to save his job at Chelsea. Chelsea have recorded just one win in their last 10 matches and lost 1-0 to 20th-placed Southampton last weekend. Potter will hope to lead Chelsea to victory this weekend against London rivals Tottenham Hotspur. Tottenham vs Chelsea: This is the biggest Premier League match this weekend. Tottenham will host Chelsea in a London derby on Sunday afternoon. The kick-off time for the match is 2:30 pm. Spurs currently sit in 4th position on the log with 42 points from 24 matches, while the Blues are in 10th position with 31 points from 23 games. Chelsea have won more matches for both teams, but the last time they met, both clubs played a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge in August 2022. But Graham Potter’s side are not in top form compared to Antonio Conte’s side so far this season. Can Chelsea get a point or all three points against the host? Graham Potter’s death threats: The Chelsea manager revealed at his post-match press conference that he had received death threats. However, Potter insists it has not rocked him as he tries to turn Chelsea’s results around. The Englishman is under mounting pressure following last the 1-0 defeat at home to Southampton in the Premier League. Chelsea, who are 10th in the league, have won only twice in their last 14 matches and have scored a single goal at home in 2023. Brendan Rodgers’ Premier League title warning to Arsenal: The Leicester City boss has issued a warning to Arsenal over the Premier League title race after he came painfully close with Liverpool in the 2013-14 season. Rodgers gave the warning ahead of his side’s Premier League tie with Arsenal on Saturday afternoon. Arsenal are currently two points ahead of second position Manchester City at the top of the table with a game in hand. But Rodgers knows all too well that it could quickly unravel for the Gunners after Pep Guardiola’s side pipped his Liverpool team to the title back in 2014 by two points.