The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) is the regulatory body responsible for overseeing the telecommunications sector in Nigeria. Since the appointment of Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta as Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the commission in 2015, the Nigerian Communications sector has witnessed significant growth and development. In this article, we will discuss the achievements of the Nigerian Communications Commission under the leadership of Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta. One of the most significant achievements of the NCC under Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta has been the increase in the number of active telephone lines in Nigeria. Since taking office in 2015, the commission has overseen a rise in the number of active telephone lines in the country from 151 million to over 200 million. This increase is a result of the commission’s efforts to promote competition and investment in the telecommunications sector, which has led to the expansion of network coverage and the availability of affordable mobile phones and data services. Another significant achievement of the NCC under Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta is the increase in broadband penetration in Nigeria. When he took office in 2015, broadband penetration in Nigeria was just 10%. However, through the commission’s efforts to promote the deployment of broadband infrastructure and the licensing of more broadband service providers, broadband penetration in Nigeria has now increased to 45.43%, as of December 2021. This increase in broadband penetration has had a significant impact on the country’s economy, as it has led to the growth of digital services and the creation of new job opportunities. The NCC under Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta has also made significant progress in addressing the issue of unsolicited text messages and calls, which have been a major source of annoyance for Nigerian mobile phone users. The commission has implemented a Do-Not-Disturb (DND) policy, which allows mobile phone users to opt-out of receiving unsolicited messages and calls. Through the DND policy, the NCC has been able to reduce the number of unsolicited messages and calls received by mobile phone users in Nigeria. In addition, the NCC under Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta has made significant progress in promoting innovation and entrepreneurship in the Nigerian telecommunications sector. The commission has established a number of innovation hubs and incubation centers, which provide support and funding to tech startups and entrepreneurs in the telecommunications sector. Through these initiatives, the NCC has been able to promote the growth of the Nigerian tech ecosystem, which has led to the development of new digital services and the creation of new job opportunities. Another significant achievement of the NCC under Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta is the establishment of the Emergency Communications Centers (ECCs) across the country. The ECCs are designed to provide quick and efficient responses to emergency situations, such as accidents, fire outbreaks, and other disasters. Through the establishment of the ECCs, the NCC has been able to improve the country’s emergency response capabilities, which has helped to save lives and property. The NCC under Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta has also made significant progress in promoting digital inclusion in Nigeria. The commission has implemented a number of initiatives aimed at bridging the digital divide between urban and rural areas in Nigeria. One of these initiatives is the Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF), which provides funding for the deployment of telecommunications infrastructure in underserved and unserved areas of the country. Through the USPF, the NCC has been able to promote the availability of affordable and reliable telecommunications services in rural areas of Nigeria. Sani Wrote from Kaduna