Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Nigerians with old notes can still deposit them at commercial banks even after the February 10 deadline, this is according to the Central Bank Governor, Godwin Emefiele. Emefiele stated this on Tuesday while appearing before the House of Representatives ad hoc committee. 2. The Emir of Dutse in Jigawa State, Dr Nuhu Muhammad Sanusi, died on Tuesday at the age of 78. This was confirmed in a statement signed by the governor’s Senior Special Assistant, New Media, Auwalu Sankara. 3. The Kogi State House of Assembly has recalled four suspended members, Rt Hon. Ahmed Mohammed, former Deputy Speaker, Hon. Bello Hassan, the former majority leader, Hon. Idris Ndakwo, Lokoja II and Hon. Moses Ododo, former Deputy Chief whip. Speaker of the House, Rt. Hon. Mathew Kolawole announced the lifting of the suspension on Tuesday during the House sitting in Lokoja. 4. Ahead of next month’s general election, Nigeria’s Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan has assured the European Union observers that 2023 will be the best in the nation’s democratic elections. Lawan stated this while playing host to the United Nations election observers on Tuesday in Abuja. 5. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has maintained that its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, is dying, adding that his worsening health status is real. IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, made the declaration for the umpteenth time in response to a remark by an operative of the Department of State Services, DSS, that the news about Kanu’s deteriorating health was political. A DSS operative had dismissed claims that the secret police was poisoning Kanu in its custody. 6. The House of Representatives has approved the restructuring of N1 trillion to fund the 2022 supplementary budget. The Committee on Supply, on Tuesday, approved the request for President Muhammadu Buhari to get the loan from the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. 7. Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Tuesday in Anambra, threw jabs at his fellow contestants, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and Mr Peter Obi of the Labour Party, LP, describing them as a liar and a betrayer, respectively. 8. The World Bank has tasked Nigeria to increase its broadband penetration to provide internet access to people in rural areas and remote places. World Bank Country Director, Shubham Chaudhuri, made the call on Tuesday in Abuja while speaking on the sidelines of the maiden Digital Economy Regional Conference themed, “Positioning West African Digital Economy for the Future.” 9. Ekoli Edda community in Afikpo South Local Government Area of Ebonyi State on Tuesday petitioned President Muhammadu Buhari and the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, over the alleged subtle move by the State government to free persons indicted in the killing of a pregnant woman, police inspector and other youths in the community. A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ebonyi State, Chief Julius Oji, who disclosed the development in Abakaliki, accused the Ebonyi State government of attempting to release the suspects, currently in police custody, without proper trial by a competent court of law. 10. The leader of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has said Nigerians should pay close attention to the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu’s famous word, “Emilokan” because it has a deep spiritual manifestation. Ayodele in a statement by his spokesman, Oluwatosin Osho, cautioned Nigerians against taking Tinubu for granted, adding that they joke a lot with the pronouncements of the APC presidential candidate because they don’t have an idea of what it means spiritually.