The Presidential Campaign Council, PCC, of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has expressed concern following the decision of the Nigeria Police Force to invite its Director of Special Projects and New Media, Femi Fani-Kayode, for questioning. The Department of State Services, DSS, had on Monday questioned Fani-Kayode for making insinuations of an attempted coup being planned by the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar, and top military generals. Following his release, Fani-Kayode addressed a press conference in Abuja where he admitted that he was thoroughly grilled by the secret police, adding that he should have been more circumspect. But, the Director, Media and Publicity, Mr. Bayo Onanuga, in a statement issued Wednesday, revealed that on Tuesday, the AIG Federal Investigation Bureau also invited Fani-Kayode for questioning. Onanuga said the police should allow the DSS to complete its investigation. “The APC-PCC is concerned about the latest invitation by another security agency, just some 10 days to the election, when he is most needed as our director of New Media,” he said. Onanuga noted that while the APC campaign was not questioning the authority of the police to invite its official, the police should be mindful that the truth they seek to find was already being pursued by the DSS. He added: “Chief Fani-Kayode, upon his first interview by the DSS, described the agency as “very professional”, in the way the operatives grilled him on a tweet accusing one of the opposition leaders of cooking something with the military authorities. The DSS at the meeting made it clear to him that the basis of his tweet, a newspaper report, was not correct. “We want the police to allow the investigation to go its full course, so that they do not open themselves to suspicions that they were implementing an agenda scripted by the opposition. “Chief Fani-Kayode is a respected Nigerian and had served his country as minister of aviation. He will be available any time to answer for his actions.”