With barely a week to the general elections, the Youth Initiative Against Violence and Human Rights Abuse (YIAVHA) group has raised alarm on incidents of physical violence associated with the upcoming polls across 10 local governments in Plateau State. Executive Director, YIAVHA, Pwakim Jacob Choji made the disclosure at the inauguration of the Plateau State Peace and Mediation Working Committee and Media Engagement Around 2023 Election in Jos, the state capital. Choji said: “Preparatory to the 2023 elections, according to the January 2023 Plateau State report, supplied by the Long Time Monitors spread across the 17 local governments of Plateau State, as shared by our partners, the Kimpact Development Initiative (KDI), International Republican Institute (IRI), with support from the National Endowment for Democracy (NED), there has been 25 number of reported cases of physical violence associated with elections across 10 local governments. “There were three cases of destruction of property, seven cases of related protests, four cases each of recruiting and arming thugs reflected in just one local government.” He said further: “There were 10 reported cases of restrictions on political activities across four local governments, and 13 reported cases of groups barred from using public spaces for campaigns. Interestingly, there have been 52 reported cases of vote buying across 15 local governments of the state.” The YIAVHA director, however, refrained from revealing the identities of the local governments affected. He said instead: “Issues of vote buying as reported here and matters of safety and privacy of voting points remain a point of concern to many voters; it is also instructive to note that, amidst the fragility highlighted above, this particular election will be held amidst increasing security challenges, increased digital activism by young people which increases sensitivity around the elections.” Responding on behalf of the committee, the Emir of Kanam, Muhammaduu Muazu Muhammadu II, represented by the Zanan Kanam, Lawatla Tanko, commended the organisation for the opportunity to serve the society and assured that they will do their best to deliver on the mandate. Members of the committee were drawn from the traditional council, security, civil society, the religious institution and the media.