The Premier League match-day 24 will take place this weekend with Aston Villa hosting Arsenal at lunchtime. Manchester United will take on Leicester City at Old Trafford, Newcastle is ready for Liverpool while Chelsea continues their search for victory against struggling Southampton. However, DAILY POST is predicting that fans could be presented with unexpected results from the above-mentioned fixtures this weekend. Manchester United vs Leicester City: This match will take place at lunchtime on Sunday at Old Trafford Leicester City started the season poorly but seems to have found its rhythm, having been unbeaten in the last four games. The Foxes have recorded one draw and three wins in all competitions, including last weekend’s 4-1 bashing of Tottenham. Manchester United are also a team in top form and has to fight its way into the top four of the Premier League table. They are currently third in the league table, five points behind league leaders Manchester City and Arsenal. The Red Devils are unbeaten in their last four matches and drew 2-2 with Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday. Leicester City could pull a surprise against Erik ten Hag’s side The kick-off time for the match is 1.30pm. Newcastle United vs Liverpool: This game is slated for Saturday 18: 30. The only surprise that could come out of this one is if the Reds manage to beat the Magpies in front of their fans. This is one of the tough fixtures for this weekend. Newcastle is currently sitting in 4th position on the log after 23 games while Liverpool is currently in the 9th position with 31 points from as many games. Liverpool defeated Everton in the Merseyside derby last weekend and another win against high-flying Newcastle this weekend would mean that Jurgen Klopp’s side has finally found their legs. Chelsea vs Southampton: After spending close to £600 million in the two transfer windows the Blues fans are yet to celebrate victories in the domestic league and Europe. Chelsea’s last game was a 1-0 defeat to Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League which followed draws to Fulham and West Ham in the Premier League. Chelsea will hope to return to winning ways against struggling Southampton but this could prove a difficult task as the Saints are coming with the hope of getting a result at Stamford Bridge Nathan Jones was sacked as Southampton’s last week and former Leeds United boss Jesse Marsch is raring to become their new manager. The Saints are languishing in the 20th place in the Premier League while their host this weekend is 10th in the league. However, Southampton could shock Graham Potter’s side who are yet to blend as a team. Kickoff is 16:00 at Stamford Bridge.