The Nigerian Export Promotion Council, NEPC, said the country generated $4.8b in revenue from non-oil exports in the year 2022. Chief Executive Officer of the Council, Dr Ezra Yakusak disclosed this at NEPC’s 2022 Exporters’ Performance Appraisal meeting held in Owerri on Thursday. Yakusak, represented by the NEPC’s Trade Promotion Advisor in Imo, Mr Anthony Ajuruchi, said that the generated revenue was a result of accelerated “Export for Survival” campaigns carried out by the Council in 2022. He added that in the year under review, Nigerian-made products were exported to 122 countries, with Brazil topping the list for most products. He enumerated other achievements of NEPC to include the establishment of domestic export houses and export trade houses in Togo, Cairo, Kenya and China as well as the registration of 3,986 exporters across the country, with two of the registrants drawn from Imo. He also said that NEPC coordinated the Nigeria-Gambia Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) exhibition, which generated export orders worth $250,000, and also led to the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding and the introduction of Nigerian products into the Gambia market. According to him, NEPC also coordinated the participation of 20 Nigerian export companies at the 2022 Togo International Trade Fair, with two of the companies from Imo, namely, Green Health Limited and Logos Super Food. Yakusak noted that the Council’s holistic efforts and accelerated Export for Survival campaigns in 2022 resulted in significant achievements. “In Imo alone, a total of 805 MSMEs were trained on non-oil export business, 39 new companies were registered for export and three exporters acquired FDA certification for their products with the help of the NEPC,” he articulated. Speaking further he avowed that NEPC in 2023 will be targeting increased non-oil exports through more participation at trade fairs, better packaging and labelling of products, more formal exports and the use of the Onne non-oil export terminal in Rivers. In her remarks, Mrs Amaka Apolomo, Chief Executive Officer, Green Health Limited, one of the companies that participated in the Togo International trade fair, thanked NEPC for its training and international exposure. She expressed delight over the selection of her products for exhibition at the trade fair adding that participation at the event was a huge boost for her company as she secured more export orders. One of the other export companies present at the meeting was Mikotoko Nigeria Limited.