The Ohanaeze Ndigbo socio-cultural organization, on Monday, urged the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation, AGF, Abubakar Malami to advise President Muhammadu Buhari to release Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Ohanaeze made the call in response to Malami’s remark that the Federal Government has not received any request for Kanu’s release. Speaking with DAILY POST, the Secretary-General of Ohanaeze, Okechukwu Isiguzoro lamented that Malami has advised the president wrongly on the release of Kanu. Recall that Governor Charles Soludo of Anambra State had urged the Federal Government to release Kanu to him. Soludo had vowed to stand as surety to ensure Kanu’s release. The IPOB leader has been detained by the Department of State Services, DSS, on the order of the Federal Government since June 2021. Despite the court ruling ordering his release, the Nigerian government has refused to set him free. Malami had said the Federal Government was yet to receive a formal request for Kanu’s release. However, Isiguzoro said Ohanaeze and some elder statesmen of the South East had met Buhari and requested Kanu’s release. According to Isiguzoro: “Ohanaeze has put a formal request and paid a visit to the president which the Minister of Justice was present when the late Mbazulike Amaechi, Ezeife, Bishop Onuoha paid a visit to Buhari and requested that the best thing he can do for Ndigbo was to release Nnamdi Kanu to them. “We want to tell Malami that the Federal Government through his department should stop playing the ostrich and come out boldly to tell us that they are not ready which they have shown in action but not in words. “The body language of Mr President has shown that they are not ready to release Kanu having not obeyed the court order that granted his release. Malami should rightly advise the president to release Kanu. “The body language of Malami has shown they have wrongly advised Mr President not to release Kanu based on reasons known to them. Such a situation of not obeying court order is aimed at instigating insecurity in the Southeast.”