In a recent interview by Premium Times dated February 17, 2023 Governor Nasir Ahmed El-Rufai of Kaduna claimed to be part of the administration that oversaw the enactment of the CBN Act 2007, as a member of the federal executive council and, therefore, has a good grasp of it. However, in the seven years of this APC led administration, he has failed to point out multiple violations of the CBN Act. Loans were granted to the Federal Government, at an unprecedented level, he has not criticized the Monetary Policies of the Central Bank of Nigeria. The CBN has gone beyond its legal mandate to accommodate the excess of this administration, never ever has the CBN being used in such a manner that it seems to be like a personal accountant for the FG and not owing its allegiance to the Nigerian State. The difference here is CBN is mandated to act as Banker for the FG but can advise and refuse in instances where policies affect their main stakeholders which is the Nigerian state and its impoverished population. The essence of giving CBN autonomy is to allow it to work independent of influence from the Government and it owes its primary allegiance to the Nigerian people. Even after multiple violations of the CBN Act Mr El Rufai failed to speak truth to the powers that be not even in his famous “leaked memos”. One might question El-Rufai’s true intention as regards the currency redesign and what is driving him to take such strong position against it. He is now seen on different TV stations and print media opposing the same federal government he has shamelessly defended in the past on various other issues. To provide some context on the said CBN Act; the central bank empowers ‘the Bank’ to grant loans to the federal government, as ways and means to fund budget deficits. The CBN as at 2015 has loaned the FG a total of 789.7 billion Naira but stands at somewhere around 24 trillion naira towards the end of 2022. This total disregard for the CBN act and common monetary policy doctrines have directly affected the rate of inflation and this is clear for anyone that understand the basics of Economics 101. Ensuring Monetary and price stability, stability of the exchange rate, maintenance of external reserves are some of the fundamentals of the CBN. The current leadership of CBN under this APC Led administration oversaw the Dollar surge to unrivalled levels, the high inflation on almost all segments of the economy , all economic metrics to judge this administration show gross abuse and mismanagement or sheer incompetence. With these reasons one would think Mr El-Rufai and his colleagues will mobilize or confront the federal government, or softer approach, advise them to take decisive action, to save the economy from free fall but none of these so called “progressives” did that. Not until of course the currency shortage many accuse the governors of stockpiling cash for the purposes of vote buying and that is the rally point, the declaration of war that led to the unanimous position against the policy. Who could have imagined El Rufai and his “progressive” colleagues could sue the FG, who could have thought El rufai would be an advocate of rule of law after his reign as FCT minister and more recently Governor of Kaduna State. On his fight for the “masses” as he tried to portray it he said the Kaduna state government will organize the collection of cash, from traders, in the rural areas, they will collect cash at different points in the state and ensure it is taken to the CBN for value. With this sort of desperation, one wonders if he intends to use his stockpiled cash along with the cash from hard earned citizens to cover his tracks. He also said his governorship candidate is the chairman committee on banking and currency and knows these laws like the back of his hands, yet, he failed to anticipate this policy will cause hardship to the populace, when he went on different TV stations supporting the policy and highlighting his role in the drafting and implementation of the policy did he not understand and anticipate the dynamics, or was it too complex for him to comprehend. Mr Uba Sani like his boss boastful as always boasted of his track record of Bills he sponsored amongst them the Bank and other Financial Act Bill, the cashless policy is a well spelt out item, within the bill; a bill he sponsored and pushed for assenting. So this means one of only two things: 1. That his candidate, Uba Sani, displayed a clear case of incompetence, by failing in his oversight duties to anticipate this problem, 2. Senator Sani deliberately consented to it against his master’s wishes and is only saving face now because it has backfired. The policy is so unpopular that even an El-Rufai, mostly seen as anti-people, came out in defiance of the Federal Government and even issued contradictory orders against that of the President and Leader of their Party. Finally, Mr El Rufai has found his voice for the people, on issues of security when he called the attention of the president on Terrorist overrunning Kaduna it was in a Memo, but for the suspension of this policy he was able to mobilize Governors to the villa for a head on head collision. Mr El-Rufai went on to pass judgment on Buhari, even though he tried desperately hard to be diplomatic about it. He drew comparisons between himself and the president, he said, unlike Buhari, if he takes decisions in his council, he stands by them. Buhari, on the other hand, after being briefed on the currency redesign and other matters like fuel subsidy, promised to take a decision but did nothing about it. So he was short on declaring Buhari himself indecisive. To sum up, few things are clear to me and to most critical minds that this cold war between the Governors and the Federal Government has nothing to do with the sufferings of the people as they claimed. And Uba Sani has failed in his oversight duties and most likely will be a rubber stamp stooge for El rufai that cannot stand up to defend a policy he initially supported. He went along the with Governor to meet with Kaduna traders and assured them that if he ( Uba sani ) wins the election he will continue what “ Oga” started in mop up and exchange of the currency for value. I saw the video and it was so nauseating that lack of principles, the sudden change of position someone that publicly opposed the postponement of the deadline CBN initially set. Uba Sani supported the Naira redesign, as he mentioned severally in multiple media outlets he has being in the senate banking committee for several years and is El-Rufai’s right hand man and anointed successor. Uba sani supported this policy until it became clear that the Naira re-design and its scarcity will disrupt their well-crafted plans to win the election through the Bank door. May this incompetence never happen to Kaduna State Mukhtar Aminu
Mukhtaraminu512@yahoo.com