The Bola Tinubu-Kashim Shettima Presidential Campaign Council, PCC, has called for the arrest of Peoples Democratic Party PDP, spokespersons Dino Melaye and Dele Momodu. The campaign also demands the arrest of the Presiding Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Pastor Paul Enenche, accusing the trio of inciting violence. The organisation further urged security agents to stay vigilant and deal with individuals and groups who are planning to foment trouble. At a media briefing Monday evening, Special Adviser, Media and Communication at the PCC, Dele Alake said domestic and international observers have adjudged the election and the process as credible. The spokesperson said the results emerging are countering the deceit and propaganda of the opposition which did not fetch them the expected votes. “This has expectedly generated anxiety in their camps with many of their leaders making irresponsible incendiary comments. “We note with utmost concern those inciting comments and call to violence by some spokespersons of the opposition, especially those from the Peoples Democratic Party PDP “We are particularly concerned and call on the State Security Services and the Nigeria Police Force to immediately restrain persons such as Dino Melaye, Dele Momodu and Pastor Paul Enenche of Dunamis Church from their clear call to violence. “Melaye’s tweet threatening violence, Momodu going on the TV to announce a purported winner and Enenche’s hate speech from the pulpit violate every law of the land. They should not go scot-free. “When failure stared them in the face, rather than accept the outcome with dignity like good democrats would, some sore losers began shopping for ways to cut corners or scuttle the process. “We have seen many doctored results giving false victory to the Labour Party in places where it performed abysmally poor. The idea was to give its followers hope and prepare them for a planned street insurrection. “The PDP has employed almost similar tactics despite secretly admitting defeat. They went about with mouthwatering offers looking for willing partners that would help them subvert the will of the people,” the APC added.