Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The military, the police and the Department of State Services have begun massive raids on the hideouts of hoodlums as a pre-emptive measure to curb violence during Saturday’s election. As part of the crackdown, no fewer than 63 suspected thugs were arrested in Kano on Thursday after hoodlums attacked the New Nigeria Peoples Party supporters. 2. Hours after his arrest in Finland, Simon Ekpa, self-acclaimed leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), allegedly started a live broadcast on his Twitter handle @simon_ekpa with a followership of over 70k people. It was gathered that the broadcast was pre-recorded as it carried another date. 3. The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Usman Baba, yesterday ordered a special deployment in the air, land and water in Lagos for Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections in collaboration with sister security agencies. 4. The Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami on Thursday said the fate of governors and other individuals being investigated for alleged treasonable utterances over the naira redesign policy will be determined by the security agencies. 5. Dr. Umar Mustapha Muqaddas, governorship candidate of Labour Party in Adamawa State has defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Muqaddas, who announced his defection at a media briefing in Yola, the state capital, on Thursday, asked his supporters to vote for APC on Saturday. 6. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said a total of 87,209,007 permanent voter cards (PVCs) have been collected by eligible registrants for this year’s general elections. Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, INEC Chairman, disclosed this yesterday in Abuja. 7. Maj.-Gen. Aminu Chinade, the General Officer Commanding (GOC) 82 Division Nigerian Army, has assured South-East residents of adequate security before, during and after the general election. Chinade warned trouble-makers to steer clear of the zone, as the Nigeria Army was “highly prepared and motivated to give them a bloody nose”. 8. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar yesterday raised the alarm over plans by elements in the All Progressives Congress (APC) to cause violence in some states. He said the plot is to force the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to postpone Saturday’s election. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in Katsina State to participate in Saturday’s Presidential and National Assembly elections. Buhari’s aircraft landed at the Umaru Musa Yar’ Adua Airport, Katsina at exactly 4:40 pm on Thursday. 10. Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency have stormed the Ujiogba Forest Reserve in Esan West Local Government Area of Edo State where they destroyed 7,286Kg of warehoused skunk and five hectares of its plantation. The agency’s Head, Media and Advocacy, Femi Babafemi, disclosed this in a statement made available to journalists on Thursday.