President Muhammadu Buhari, has said his government has fulfilled the ‘change’ promise made to Nigerians. It could be recalled that before the 2015 Presidential election, the All Progressives Congress, APC, government made ‘change mantra’ the cardinal point of its campaign. Speaking in Enugu on Thursday, President Buhari said his government had fulfilled that promise in several areas. He spoke at Ugwuogo Nike in Enugu East Local Government Area of Enugu State at the commissioning and handing over of the Federal Government Housing Estate in the State. Buhari’s speech was read by his representative, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama, the Minister for Foreign Affairs. “When our party, the All Progressives Congress, APC, sought your mandate to form the Government in 2015, one of the things we promised was change. “This housing estate is an example of the fulfilment of that promise of change,” Buhari said. While lauding the Enugu State Government for proving the land space, the President described it as a good example of some of the developmental possibilities that inter-governmental collaboration can provide, adding that “I am optimistic that with the provision of more land, the Federal Government certainly can do more.” He disclosed the Housing Scheme across the country had created jobs and boosted the economy of micro, small and medium-size businesses, who he said were the ones that won the contracts to build the houses. Buhari said, “our desire and commitment towards improving the human condition and our message of change have another facet beyond job creation. “It responds to those who have long aspired to own a home and that dream has come true with this project.” Onyeama, on behalf of the President announced that the Federal Government had redeemed the pledge made to the glorious Super Eagles in 1994 for winning the African Cup of Nations. “It is better late than never and I have approved allocation to redeem the outstanding allocation to 22 members of the Super Eagles in National Housing Estate in their State of choice and their keys and title documents will be handed over at the commissioning in their State, while the remainder of the housing is allocated to willing members of the public,” he further stated. DAILY POST reports that one of the beneficiaries, Christian Chukwu, who was at the event expressed great delight that at last the Federal Government had fulfilled the promise made to them. Chukwu, who was immediately allocated an apartment, said: “Today, I am most delighted to have taken full possession of my semi-detached 3-bedroom bungalow which address is No. House 1A, Block VII, Road 3, National Housing Estate Programme Estate, Ugwogo Nike, Enugu State.” Earlier, the Enugu State Commissioner for Works, Mr. Greg Nnaji, who represented Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi hailed the Federal Government for providing accommodation for rural dwellers. He noted that “shelter brings in development, brings in better means of livelihood. We commend the Federal Government for this project. Enugu State Government has similarly partnered with several communities for such projects.” Meanwhile, Onyeama later moved to Hillside Primary School, in Udi Local Government Area of the State where he also commissioned another project. The two classroom blocks, fully equipped, facilitated by the Minister, were done under the SDGs projects of the Federal Government. Onyeama said investment in education was very critical towards securing the future of the younger generation.