Naja’atu Mohammed, a former All Progressives Congress, APC, Campaign Director on Civil Society Organizations, has slammed the Governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, alleging he is a ‘pathological liar. Mohammed also urged Nigerians not to listen to people like El-Rufai, alleging that before 2015 he said derogatory things about President Muhammadu Buhari but knelt before the same man when he wanted to be governor of Kaduna State. The CSO scribe made the claims while fielding questions from journalists during an interview on Arise TV’s morning show on Monday. Mohammed said, “Let me talk about El-Rufai. Let us look at the beginning of El-Rufai. Still, before talking about the beginning of El-Rufai and how he came about where he is today, I want to please refer people to Obasanjo’s book ‘My Watch’ Volume 2, pages 110 and 112, in which he said. I quote, ‘my vivid recollection of El-Rufai is that he has a penchant for lying, unfair embellishment of stories and his inability to sustain loyalty. He has little or no regard for integrity. “That is how Obasanjo described El-Rufai in his book. Let me cite an example of these, who brought El-Rufai into the PDP? It was on Atiku’s recommendation that he was brought into the PDP. It was on Atiku’s recommendation when Obasanjo wanted to construct the original FCT plan. “Obasanjo asked Atiku for advice and he recommended El-Rufai. In fact, by the time El-Rufai went to the Senate for clearance, the Senate refused to clear him. “It took the intervention of this same Atiku for him to be cleared. But the first thing he did was betray Atiku, he started fighting him. “El-Rufai is a pathological liar and he is so shameless. I don’t think it is right for Nigerians to continue to listen to people like him. Before 2015 he had said all such derogatory things about Muhammadu Buhari, but by 2015 when he wanted to be governor, he came and knelt down before Buhari because he is nothing in Kaduna without Buhari. In fact, he is so unpopular. His popularity in Abuja was transferred to Kaduna because of the demolition.” The backlash and allegations are coming after El-Rufai a few days ago described Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), as a Nollywood actor. El-Rufai also dismissed Obi’s popularity, saying the former Anambra State Governor would only get votes in the South-East and some parts of South-South.