Ahead of the 2023 general elections in the country on Saturday, the police AIG, Zone 8, Asafa Adekunle, has ordered a show of force in collaboration with all sister security agencies to commence on Thursday in Kwara state. This was part of the strategies to keep crimes and criminality at bay as the country heads toward the general elections. Asafa, who read the riot act to the tactical teams of the police, officers and men of the Nigeria Police Force in Ilorin, Kwara state capital, on Wednesday, reminded the personnel of the IGP’s zero tolerance for indiscipline, adding that “the IGP is especially interested in the successful conduct of a peaceful, credible and acceptable general election.” The AIG, enjoined citizens and residents of the state, to be rest assured of their safety and security, before, during and after the general elections. Asafa, also advised the public to shun any act of lawlessness, as anyone arrested for any criminal activities, would be made to face the full wrath of the law. The AIG, in charge of Kwara and Kogi States, arrived Kwara state alongside two police commissioners and a deputy commissioner, from the force headquarters in Abuja, to ensure a seamless electoral process. The AIG and the other senior police officers headed straight to INEC headquarters, where a meeting with stakeholders was held and a peace accord signed by the political actors in the state, in a bid to ensure a peaceful conduct of elections in Kwara State. The team moved straight from INEC office to the police headquarters, where the heads of all the tactical teams in the command were already seated waiting for the AIG and his team. The AIG advised the team leaders to ensure that every policeman deployed for the election duty must take his duties seriously, emphasizing that any act of dereliction on the part of any policeman during the course of the elections would be met with stiff sanctions. He told the officers of the effort the IGP has exerted to ensure that officers and men’s welfare gets to them fully before the elections, as such, there must be no room for failure. The Commissioner of Police Kwara State, Paul Odama, and CP Arungwa Kwazul, in their separate remarks harped on the need for a sense of unity and teamwork by officers and men of the command if the desired goal must be achieved.