Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 elections, has pledged to manage Nigeria’s resources responsibly and boost revenue if elected. At an APC political gathering held by the party on Tuesday at the Dan Anyiam stadium in Owerri, Tinubu made the pledge to party members. He committed to making Imo a popular tourist destination, investing in youth education, and maintaining the integrity of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. “We’re here to promise you that we’ll free you from the chains of ignorance and destitution. You can trust us. Elect the APC. Imo will become a popular tourist location. “I now promise that President Muhammadu Buhari would maintain his uncorrupted demeanor. We’ll judiciously manage your resources and boost your capacity for generating income,” he declared. Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, national chairman of the APC, praised the supporters for showing up in large numbers to greet the campaign team and assured the populace of the party’s dedication to supplying security and economic emancipation in his speech. Sen. Hope Uzodimma, the governor of the state, also commended President Buhari for bringing democracy’s benefits to the region by converting the Federal Medical Center in Owerri into a teaching hospital for the Federal University of Technology, Owerri (FUTO). He also thanked Buhari for giving the go-ahead for the building of a naval base in the Oguta council area, the reconstruction of the dual carriageways connecting Owerri with Orlu, Owerri with Okigwe, and Owerri with Umuahia, and the elevation of the Alvan Ikoku Federal College of Education to the rank of university. President Muhammadu Buhari, thank you for everything you do for us. Sen. Tinubu, I want to reassure you that we shall demonstrate our affection for you in both words and deeds in the spirit of Valentine’s Day. APC is Imo. You don’t preach to people who are already believers,” he declared. Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the former national chairman of the APC, urged the people of Imo to vote for the APC in order to continue the good work of the current administration, which is demonstrated by the building of crucial infrastructure like the Niger bridge. DAILY POST reports that the rally was attended by APC faithful including Lagos governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his Ebonyi counterpart, Dave Umahi as well as Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ovie Omo Agege among others.