The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) senatorial candidate in Ogun West, Ganiyu Dada Obanibasiri, has described his counterpart from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) as a ‘foreigner’ in Ogun West. Obanibasiri said Adeola “does not understand the suffering and marginalisation Yewa/Awori people are going through since the creation of Ogun State in 1976. The PDP senatorial candidate while addressing loyalists in Ipokia Local Government, insisted that Adeola, who is the incumbent Senator representing Lagos West, did not understand the plights of the people of Ogun West, saying “he has only come around to lie to the people and deceive them” to vote for him. “He (Adeola) lies too much. He said he would reopen Idiroko land border. We should ask him why he is yet to open Seme border which is under his constituency at the moment, his mouth is full of lies,” Obanibasiri stated. The candidate expressed surprises that Adeola, who supported President Muhammadu Buhari’s policy to close the borders in September 2019 on the floor of the Nigerian Senate, is now talking of reopening same. The Ota chief asked Adeola, also known as Yayi, to stop priding himself as a ranking Senator, stressing that he was also a first-timer at a point. “He said he is a ranking Senator, he has forgotten that the likes of Senator Olabimtan, Senator Iyabo Anisulowo, Senator Kola Bajomo, Senator Akin Odunsi, Senator Gbolahan Dada and Senator Tolu Odebiyi were all first term senators and they brought developments that are still visible today to our land,” he said. Obanibasiri spoke further: “Yayi’s penchant for lies is unprecedented in the history of Ogun State. He went on to lie that the other parties said they will only campaign in just two local governments. We should ask him where he and the PDP met to discuss that. “In the calendar of the other political parties including the PDP, it is clearly stated that all the parties would be campaigning in all the local governments of the zone. We should be wary of aliens that are here to create discord in our community. “He also promised to build a bridge that will connect Ipokia to Badagry. This is the same lie he told the people of Badagry in 2014 when he was aspiring to represent them in the Senate, he has resharpened his lying mouth to use same on the people of Ogun West. “Adeola lied against Hon. Adekunle Akinlade by calling him a betrayer for supporting Hon. Ladi Adebutu. One should also ask Yayi why he supported Ogun East against two of his supposed Yewa brothers in 2019, despite having a mutual agreement with Gboyega Isiaka to support a Yewa man for governor in 2019. He is clearly a selfish lot, only waiting to reap where he did not sow.”