The Osun State Police Command has warned members of the public to desist from the sale and abuse of the Naira notes. In a press statement signed by the Command’s spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola and obtained by DAILY POST, he stated that the move was in compliance with the Federal Government’s policy and the directive of Usman Baba Alkali, the Inspector General of Police. The warning, which was targeted at Point Of Sales (POS) operators and filling stations, advised that such acts should be jettisoned because the Command had emplaced an Intelligence Unit to arrest and subsequently prosecute such individuals or groups engaged in the sale or abuse of Naira notes issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria. He said, “In compliance with the Federal Government’s policy and the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba’s directives to uphold the provisions of the Central Bank of Nigeria Act, 2007 and dignify Nigeria’s currency, the Osun Police Command is using this medium to warn members of the public who are into this unethical behaviour, especially Point of Sales (POS) operators and Filling Stations to jettison such, as the police Command has emplaced an Intelligence unit of the Command to arrest and subsequently prosecute such individuals or groups engaged in the sale or abuse of the Naira notes issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria. “The Commissioner of Police has equally directed the Area Commanders, and Divisional Police Officers to carry out full enforcement of the provisions of Sections 20 and 21 of the Central Bank of Nigeria Act, 2007 which criminalizes amongst other things, the hawking, selling, trading, spraying, matching, falsifying or counterfeiting of bank notes, refusal to accept the Naira as a means of payment, tampering with the Naira notes issued by the CBN.” The statement also enjoined members of the public to cooperate with the police to ensure that violators were brought to book and prosecuted. On Friday, February 3, 2023, operatives of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) had arrested the Operations Manager of First City Monument Bank, Osogbo for deliberately sabotaging the Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) from dispensing the redesigned Naira notes to members of the public. On the same day in Osogbo, the anti-corruption agency also arrested seven POS operators and the security guard of a bank for selling the redesigned Naira notes to members of the public. Most POS operators within Osogbo, the State capital, charge N100 for N1,000 instead of the N100 for N5,000 that was obtainable before the redesigned Naira notes became scarce. The POS operators said they pay heavily in order to get the redesigned Naira notes from banks. Many POS operators within Osogbo have since closed shops temporarily.