A gubernatorial aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Taraba State, David Sabo-Kente has filed a contempt of court suit against his INEC, Senator Emmanuel Bwacha and his party, the APC for violating supreme court orders. Sabo-Kente, who maintained he will remain an All Progressives Congress Party Chieftain until the party says otherwise, stressed he would fight for justice and the enthronement of true democracy in the state. He made the assertions during a chat with newsmen on Friday while giving his opinion on the crisis rocking the Taraba State state chapter of the APC. Kente had, alongside four other aspirants in the party, boycotted the party primary held in the state following allegations that it was illegal. Subsequently, the Supreme Court nullified the governorship primary election in the state, following a suit filed by Sabo-Kente. He had sought the nullification of the primary election which declared Senator Emmanuel Bwacha winner, claiming that the APC, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), APC NEC and others violation of the Supreme Court order. Sabo-Kente said although the Supreme Court granted all the reliefs he sought, it did not order the re-run of the election, insisting that the recent primary held in Jalingo, was a clear violation of the court’s orders. According to Kente, ‘although the right judgement was given by the highest court of the land overturning previous defeats, due process must be followed so the orders of the court will be implemented to the latter. He dismissed insinuations that his aim was to ensure that APC did not have a gubernatorial candidate in Taraba State. ”That is a very wrong notion, I am very passionate about this party as I have been here for a very long time, but it seems the people want us to have a candidate without going through due process. ”You are aware of how the purported primaries were held. How can you drag seven trucks of military men and Buratai, the former Chief of Army Staff, to hold primaries that none of the candidates attended? ”Five of us are in the race with him and by him, I mean former Sen. Bwacha. So how can you hold an election where five of the six candidates did not participate?’’ ”The Supreme Court clearly orders if it wants a rerun. Relief number eight was totally granted, but checking relief number eight, it explicitly delisted Emmanuel Bwacha from participating in the primaries and it also delisted our party from participating in the 2023 elections. ”So how will an order from the highest court in the land be flouted by people?’’ The gubernatorial aspirant insisted that he believes in the rule of law and so had returned to the court to file a contempt suit against all the parties in the alleged illegality. On the current currency crisis in the country, Kente said it was a good policy and that people were bound to feel pain as it is with every major policy that will be beneficial in the long run. ”Of course, when there is a major currency change in a country like Nigeria it is always difficult. ”It is a policy that is meant to better the life of Nigerians ultimately, though it affects everyone. ”And I want to believe the government did not just wake up to bring this policy into play.