The candidate of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, in Kwara state, Prince Saeed Olamilekan Popoola, has warned the National Electoral Commissioner, and the state Resident Electoral Commissioner, not to compromise this year’s impending general elections to avoid major unrest in the state. Speaking at the 36th Media Parliament of the Kwara state Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, in Ilorin on Wednesday, Saeed Popoola, declared that any attempt to compromise this year’s general elections by the umpire to favour a particular party would spell doom for the country. He said “rumours reaching us indicate that the INEC in the state is planning to compromise with the state government to compromise the general elections in favour of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the state.” “We are using this medium to call on the INEC Chairman and the state Resident Electoral Commissioner, to resist the alleged attempt to compromise the elections with the state government,” Hon. Popoola declared. Speaking on the topic titled ” With Quality Legislative, Social Re-Engeering is Possible,” Hon. Popoola, House of Representatives candidate for Ifelodun/Offa/Oyun Federal Constituency in Kwara state, said weak or poor governance emanates from the legislative arm of government. “Without an effective legislative arm, we can’t have effective legislative, executive and judiciary.” Popoola asserted that “Nigeria’s current challenges are not from the executive or judiciary but from the legislative arm of government. He narrated his traumatic experience when he defected as a lawmaker from the All Progressives Congress, APC, ruling party to the Social Democratic Party, SDP, in the state, on the floor of the House, explaining that he was surprised that State House of Assembly declared his seat vacant without any legal backing or court order. The lawmaker, whose matter is still pending before the law court, wondered how those who defected from one party to another at both state and federal levels did not have their seats declared vacant but only in Kwara state House of Assembly. Hon. Popoola wondered how any candidate of the ruling APC could campaign for the general elections with the general confusion arising from the new naira swap and the fuel crisis across the country. “No APC candidate at state and national level can campaign to any Nigerian voter on their achievements in the last seven years plus, due to the level of performance and confusion the ruling APC government has plunged the country into, particularly the naira swap and the fuel crisis.”