There was tragedy at the Ojoro area of Owode Ede, Ede North local government area of Osun State when three persons died after being trapped inside a well. DAILY POST gathered that two of the deceased were siblings who worked as masons known in local parlance as bricklayers. It was also gathered that the masons; Waliu Adediran, 31 years old and his younger brother 22-year-old Lateef Adediran were contracted to work on the building construction project of a 46-year-old pastor identified as Pastor Adebayo Oluwasina when the incident occurred. Residents of the area, who witnessed the incident, recalled that it happened around 9:00am on Friday. Speaking anonymously, one of the residents revealed that the brothers had commenced work as planned and Lateef was drawing water from the well when his drawer fell into the well and he went about to recover it. “Lateef, the younger brother of the bricklayer was fetching water from the well so that they can commence work at the construction site. While he was fetching the water, the drawer fell into the well. “The boy climbed into the well in order to recover it but did not come out. After some minutes, in a bid to rescue the boy, his elder brother who was his master also climbed into the well and got trapped inside the well. He too did not come out.” “When the two men entered the well and did not come out as expected, Pastor Oluwasina attempted to rescue them when he also got trapped in the well. “The owner of the building construction attempted to rescue both of them and he also got trapped in the well. “Infact, the three corpses were recovered but it was after all efforts made at recovering them failed that we called on the Osun State Fire Service who eventually recovered their bodies from the well.” Confirming the development, the spokesperson of Osun State Fire Service, Adekunle Ibrahim revealed that they have recovered and evacuated the corpses. Adekunle also added that the three men were trapped in the well as a result of the presence of Ammonia gas. “When we were contacted, we immediately responded and recovered the three victims with the coordinated efforts of men of the Federal and Osun State Fire Services, A Division of the Nigerian Police, Ede and residents of the community. “They were brought out dead. We have evacuated their corpses. Their bodies were taken to an undisclosed hospital by the O’ Ambulance crew, where they were also confirmed dead and their bodies handed over to their families.”