A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Osun State, Pelumi Olajengbesi has said that the party’s landslide victory in Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections has confirmed the popularity and acceptance of Governor Ademola Adeleke in the state. This was as Olajengbesi described as a shame and travesty that a former Governor of the state, Gboyega Oyetola can’t deliver any National Assembly or presidential victory for the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the election. PDP in Osun State cleared all the National Assembly seats in the state. The PDP won in all the three Senatorial districts and the nine Federal Constituencies. PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar got 354,366 votes to defeat Bola Tinubu of the APC, who scored 343,945 votes. Result a collated by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Folashade Ogunsola, said Peter Obi of the Labour Party, LP, got 23, 283 votes, while Rabiu Kwankwaso of New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, garnered 713 votes. In a statement he signed, Olajengbesi said called on Oyetola and his co-travellers to face the reality that the people of Osun State have seen the light and “won’t ever want to go back to the dark days of the APC – both in the state and at the federal level, especially in the position of Nigeria’s next president. “The commanding, indisputable and overwhelming victory of all PDP National Assembly candidates in the February 25 presidential election in Osun State again goes to shows the popularity and widespread acceptance of Governor Ademola Adeleke who led the party to victory in the state. “Also, the victory of the PDP presidential candidate, a North-Easterner from Adamawa, in a South-West state and a Yoruba-dominated one at that is testament to Adeleke’s efficient leadership and effective grassroot mobilisation, capability, tenacity as well as the widespread support, love and cooperation he enjoys from the good people of Osun State. “It is a political blow that former governor Gboyega Oyetola and his co-travellers in the APC couldn’t deliver Osun for the APC senatorial and House of Representatives candidate and in fact, Tinubu despite that many of them claim the former Lagos State governor is an indigene of Osun State. How then can an individual who can’t deliver his state for his party’s presidential candidate claim he won the July 16 2022 governorship election? How? What a public display of shame.”