Niger State Governor Abubakar Sani Bello has tasked traditional rulers in the country not to engage in partisan politics but ensure peace in their domains and forestall violence before, during and after the forthcoming general elections in the country. Bello stated this in Kotangora at the official coronation and presentation of staff of office to the seventh Sarkin Sudan of Kontagora, Alhaji Muhammadu Barau Muazu II. He reminded royal fathers that as role models and custodians of cultural heritage, Nigerians are looking up to them towards achieving violent-free general elections in the country. According to him: “We believe this is another opportunity for traditional rulers to uphold the confidence of the people and consolidate on the gains of their forebears by ensuring the continued peace, stability and progress of our nation. “Niger State government will continue to engage [the] traditional institution in governance, especially at the grassroots level to enhance rapid development of the state and Nigeria.” The governor described Sarkin Sudan as a gentle, compassionate and humble man, full of perseverance and faith in the will of God, who will provide the needed leadership and propel development in the emirate.  He congratulated the people of Kontagora for having an emir that has emerged through a transparent process, noting,” this has further broadened the legitimacy and integrity of traditional institutions in Niger State.” The Sultan of Sokoto and President General, Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs, Alh. Sa’ad Abubakar, in his remarks, urged the new Sarkin Sudan of Kontagora to be just and fair to his subjects as well as operate an open-door policy to give them a sense of belonging. In his acceptance speech, the Sarkin Sudan of Kontagora thanked Gov Bello for his support towards the success of the event and promised to stand by his subjects. The oath of office and allegiance was administered to the new Emir of Kontagora by the Chief Judge of Niger State, Justice Halima Ibrahim Abdulmalik. Royal fathers in attendance include all the first-class emirs in Niger State led by the Chairman, Council of Chiefs, the Etsu Nupe, Dr Yahaya Abubakar and over 50 others from across the country.