The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Wednesday said Nigerians will not vote the All Progressives Congress, APC, and its presidential candidate Bola Tinubu for obvious reasons. At a press conference, National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba said the people had endured enough problems under the current administration. He accused the APC and Tinubu of arrogance, entitlement mentality and treating Nigerians with disdain by refusing to engage the people in interactive sessions, debates and media interviews. The spokesperson noted that such a disposition was an indication that the ruling party and its candidate “are incapable and have nothing to offer”. Ologunagba said they will be rejected due to the harsh economic policies which saw the pump price of fuel rising from N87 per liter under the PDP to about N400 to N500 per liter across the country. The PDP said a bag of rice which sold at N7,500 in 2015 now sells for almost N50,000; a measure of garri which sold at N100 now sells for over N450, while a measure of beans which sold at N250 now sells for over N1000. The opposition said Nigeria became the second most corrupt nation in West Africa and 154 out of 180 in Global Corruption Index with APC leaders “allegedly stealing over N15trillion oil revenue meant for infrastructural development”. On security, Ologunagba lamented the ranking of the country as one of the most dangerous places to live in the world. Nigeria ranked 4th in the Global Terrorism Index report, the third country with the highest level of terrorism after Iran and Afghanistan. The PDP said over 55,430 Nigerians were killed by terrorists and criminal gangs between 2015 and 2022, according to official reports. Ologunagba told Nigerians to take their sufferings over the years into consideration as they go into the polls this Saturday. The official warned that any vote for the APC would be an endorsement of corruption, incompetence, insensitivity, lack of leadership and arrogance in failure. “A vote for APC will be a support for insecurity and acts of terrorism; mass killings, poverty, hardship, infrastructural stagnation and a bleak future,” he added.