Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, has accepted the Federal High Court judgment disbanding Ebubeagu security outfit a few days to the 2023 general election in the country. Umahi equally expressed worries over the alleged threats issued by a separatist group led by Simon Ekpa, to disrupt election processes in the south east geopolitical zone. Umahi made this known while addressing stakeholders and citizens of the state in a broadcast. According to him: “We are aware of certain complaints regarding the security situation in our state and South East which in the course of this address will be discussed. On the issue of threat to disrupt elections in the south East and by extension in Ebonyi State, I want to appeal to our people to please listen to the voice of reason and disregard whatever announcement that is intended to disrupt elections in South East and other parts of the Country and in particular Ebonyi State. Our people must be very very vigilant about this. “We would like the traditional rulers and all stakeholders to hold meetings in their villages to appeal to our people not to carry out such threats as security agencies would not fold their hands and allow elections in Ebonyi State and South East to be disrupted. “So, our appeal is to our brothers and sisters who are being used without knowing what they are fighting for to carry out such threats, threats of killings, threats of burning of properties and other violent activities. Let me assure Ebonyi people and all those who are coming for this election that we will do everything within the limit of the law to protect their lives and that elections must hold as scheduled and very peacefully too,” he said. He however, established two other security outfits; Ebonyi vigilante Corps and Neighborhood Watch Groups to replace Ebubeagu and tasked them not to participate in the forthcoming general elections in the state. “I have decided to obey the later judgment that says that Ebubeagu should not function, so for now, Ebubeagu should not function while we process the stay of execution and appeal entered at Enugu and Ebubeagu when granted will begin to function again.”