The Niger State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has declared its major political opponent, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, is not a threat to its victory in the governorship and other elective positions in the forthcoming elections. This was the position of Isah Sidi Rijau, the Director General, Bago-Yakubu Governorship Campaign Council. Rijau made the assertion at a two-day retreat organized for directors, deputies directors, secretaries and other members of the campaign council in Minna, the capital of Niger State. The DG said all the party needs to do is to put up a united front and the inputs of all members of the governorship campaign council properly harnessed to ensure success at the polls. “The essence of the retreat is to brainstorm to come up with harmonious resolutions for a successful campaign and elections [and] ensure the APC emerges victorious at the general elections in Niger state,” he stated. Rijau maintained: “The [other] major political party the PDP is never in any way a threat to our victory; but we needed the inputs of all the directorates, secretaries and other members of the council to have a united front ahead of the elections.” In his remarks, the chairman of the occasion and APC elders, Maj Gen Abdullahi Garba (retd) disclosed that the retreat was part of activities lined up towards the success of the party and its governorship candidate Umar Mohammed Bago in the elections. He said: “It’s an opportunity to strategise by working harmoniously in line with the overall objectives of the party which is to ensure the party’s victory during the general elections.” Also, the APC secretary of the campaign council, Salman Yusuf explained that the purpose of the two-day programme for members of the governorship campaign council is to review the successes, challenges and prospects to enable them to strategize for a way forward in the elections. The governorship campaign council was inaugurated last Saturday by the deputy governorship candidate, Yakibu Garba on behalf of the governorship candidate, Alh. Umar Mohammed Bago.