Barely six weeks to the governorship election in Nigeria, Akwa Ibom State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, is yet to inaugurate its governorship campaign council, no thanks to the protracted crisis rocking the party. The other major parties in the State, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, the Young Progressives Party, YPP, and the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP had concluded touring the 31 local government areas of the State and have gone far in the ward to ward tour. Observers have wondered the magic APC would perform to cover the whole local governments if it eventually flags-off its campaigns considering the paucity of time. The Appeal Court judgement of last week had at least put to rest the tension that APC may not present a governorship candidate in the March 2023 elections. DAILY POST recalls that shortly after the party’s primary, one of the governorship aspirants, Senator Ita Enang, who was also the former Special Assistant on Niger Delta to President Muhammadu Buhari dragged the party’s candidate, Akanimo Udofia to court challenging his nomination. Enang claimed that Udofia was still a member of the PDP as his name appeared on the PDP primary ballot. The High Court, however, ruled in favour of Enang, cancelled the elections and ordered APC to conduct a fresh primary without Akanimo in participation. But the APC and Akanimo appealed the judgement where the judgement of the High Court was overturned. Prior to this moment, Akwa Ibom APC had been enmeshed in infighting and supremacy tussle among stakeholders, which according to commentators could affect their outing in March during the governorship election. But the leaders of APC in Akwa Ibom are united in anything that concerns the presidential candidate of the party, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. One of the stakeholders and past Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Mr Nsima Ekere affirming to it said APC has put in an internal mechanism to address the issues. He said the honourable Minister, Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs, Obong Umana Okon Umana has begun the process of peace and reconciliation during his first ministerial briefing. “We are happy to say that the APC family in Akwa Ibom State is reinvigorating itself; we are excited that at least we have an opportunity to do something together, you know there have been loads of issues in the party before now. “Weeks ago the Honourable Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Obong Umana Okon Umana in what was supposed to be his ministerial briefing, turned out to be the first reconciliation meeting of APC in Akwa Ibom State of which we are very grateful. You need to see the excitement at the grassroots level of which for a long time, the party is coming together and trying to arrange itself. We are happy about the prospects,” he said. While expressing concern over the implosion in APC, Ekere assured that in a couple of days before elections, “some of the cases in the court shall be withdrawn so that APC will be a united family once again.” But that assurance did not stand as Senator Enang, having lost at Appeal, headed to the Supreme Court despite the party’s plea to him to put the case to rest. Enang is standing his ground that the governorship primary that made Udofia to become the party’s candidate was a farce and he was not a member of the APC, saying that Udofia contested the PDP primary election on the 25th of May, 2022, failed and contested that of the APC on 26th of May 2022. “Our argument is that the appellant (Udofia) is a member of PDP who contested its primary election on the 25th of May, 2022. “How come on the 26th of May, 2022, you became a candidate of APC?” He queried. The party thereafter through the ward leadership and approved by the Chairman, Stephen Ntukekpo expelled Senator Enang with claims of anti-party activities and romance with the ruling Peoples Democratic Party. Enang’s sack at this period had further deepened the polarisation in the party as his loyalists had alleged that former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio was behind Enang’s ordeal, especially by bringing Akanimo Udofia from PDP to APC to stand for the primary. Also the Supreme Court judgement affirming the senatorial candidacy of Akpabio for the 2023 elections widened the gap in the party. Akpabio having relinquished his presidential aspiration to the APC presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu ran back to Ikot Ekpene Senatorial district to wrestle out the ticket from the retired Deputy Inspector General of Police, Udom Ekpoudom. Though Ekpoudom won at the appellate court but lost at the Supreme court, one of the revered chieftains of the party, Chief Don Etiebet had warned Akpabio to follow the path of honour and steer clear of the race. He went ahead to denounce his support for Akpabio, saying that his people, the Abak 5, will not support any one outside their zone as it is their turn to go to the Senate. The power tussle in Akwa Ibom APC could be traced to 2018 after the defection rally of Senator Akpabio held at Ikot Ekpene stadium, where the then APC national chairman, Adams Oshiomole, after receiving him into the party, openly declared him as the new leader of the party in the State. That did not settle well with the bigwigs who built the party from scratch before Akpabio joined. Ever since then, there has been a high level of disunity among the stakeholders, though there was a time a reconciliation meeting was attempted but was like a graveyard peace. This has really discouraged several members of the APC at the grassroots and made some of them withdraw their support and move to the Young Progressives Party, YPP, thereby making the latter to swell its base and gain more acceptability in the State unlike the APC. Some persons have expressed fear that the internal wranglings could affect the outing of the party, while others said the APC leadership was doing underground campaigns earlier so as to have a smooth outing. In an interview with the Senatorial candidate of APC in Eket and former member of the House of Representatives, Hon Eseme Eyiboh, he said the APC would emerge victorious at the polls as candidates of other offices have been campaigning and consulting on behalf of the guber candidate. According to him, “The judgement is a foretold prophecy we all knew will come this way. The fact is that Akan contested the primary and won and we knew that someday the fact would speak for itself. “Whatever was the judgement of the court of first instance was just a judgement and not justice and the justice of the case has now been stated by the Court of Appeal; the Supreme Court is a panel and decisions are usually rationalised by facts and not sentiments.” Whichever the case, Akwa Ibom State APC does not have the luxury of time and should officially launch its campaigns.