A Peoples Democratic Party chieftain, Dr Adetokunbo Pearse has chided former Deputy National Chairman, Bode George over his comments on the scarcity of fuel and new naira notes. George accused PDP Presidential Candidate Atiku Abubakar, National Chairman Iyorchia Ayu and Campaign Director-General, Governor Aminu Tambuwal of “conspiratorial silence”. “Why have they allowed their voices to be drowned in conspiratorial silence? Where are the opposition political parties?”, he asked at a news conference. In an interview with DAILY POST on Tuesday, Pearse noted that George’s latest castigation of Atiku, Ayu and Tambuwal “is loud sounding nothing; a pointless outcry”. The member of the PDP Presidential Campaign Council and Coordinator of Atiku/Okowa Support Groups in Lagos was a contender for the Central Senatorial District ticket. Pearse wondered why George was attacking the party’s flagbearer and leadership instead of President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. The senior lecturer stressed that an incumbent government should be assessed, scrutinised and criticised for its policies, actions or inactions, not opposition leaders. Atiku already denounced the shortage of currency in circulation, and the Buhari administration’s policy on production, marketing and distribution of oil products, Pearse noted. The politician said in the past few months on the campaign trail, the former Vice President has outlined his plan to strengthen the economy, abolish the black market, as well as buying and selling of foreign currency. “It appears that Chief Bode George is unable to understand that not everyone in political leadership position is responsible for commenting national issues. “The only thing that Chief George knows how to do in his old age is talk. He is a frustrated man whose bitterness will not allow him to see anything good about Atiku or PDP. “Here is a man who for eight years could not bring himself to criticize the Buhari administration because – as he said – Buhari was his superior in the military!” Pearse advised the general public not to take George seriously, adding that Ayu, Tambuwal and the PDP are focused on “bringing Atiku in as President to usher in a new progressive Nigeria”.