The Rivers Debate Group has said that candidates who do not appear for debates have nothing to offer the people. Chairman, Rivers Debate Group, Mr Ibifiri Bobmanuel, who spoke on Arise Television programme, said candidates should appear before the people and explain to them their plans. Bobmannuel, who emphasized the importance of debate, stated that politicians who aspire to hold one position or another in the country, should also go through the screening process of someone applying for a job. “You could liken the scenario where we recruit our staff in the house or our office. You put them through a basic interview process. “But I wonder why when it comes to the case of you employing or giving an opportunity for someone to serve you as a leader, be it a governor or be it a president of a country, you don’t put them through that leadership funnel. “And generally in the country, we think that’s what we should do. In a case where you find out that you have an electioneering circle and you find out that some of the candidates are not showing up, it simply means they have nothing to offer,” he said. While explaining that candidates of various political parties need to connect with the people, Bobmannuel reiterated that debate is an opportunity for candidates to share their blueprint. He believes that debates help undecided voters make a decision. “If you don’t put them through a basic debate process where you ask them questions and how they intend to bring all of that into fruition, obviously you’ll be having darkness. “We take our time, put them through the debate process and get the undecided make their choice, based on what the candidates say,” he added. On the current financial crunch faced by Nigerians, Bobmanuel stated that certain policies initiated by the President would have been reconsidered if he had participated in the presidential debate. He said the whole idea is to keep pushing for the country to get better, while also holding leaders accountable to their promises.