The Oyo State chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) has alleged that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is planning to attack its members. The party made this disclosure on Sunday. DAILY POST gathered that the APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed and other members of the party have been billed to come to Ibadan in continuation of the presidential campaign. Tinubu has been billed to come to Ibadan, the Oyo state capital on Tuesday. The APC has, however, alleged that some members of PDP have perfected plans to attack the APC members. APC made these disclosures via a statement signed by its publicity secretary, Wasiu Olawale Sadare. Sadare, in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, explained that the APC has uncovered a plan by PDP members to launch an attack on its members on Tuesday. The APC while speaking further, added that it has been informed that there are plans to launch violent protests in major parts of Ibadan by PDP on Monday (tomorrow). The party revealed that some of the places marked for alleged attacks included Iwo Road, Agugu, Monatan, Alakia and Labiran. Others are; Molete, Challenge, Ojoo and Sanngo. He said, “We have uncovered the satanic plot by the PDP in the state to unleash its home-grown terrorists against members of the public who might want to troop out and welcome Asiwaju Bola Tinubu to Ibadan on Tuesday. “The execution of the said plot, which is aimed at discrediting the peaceful conduct of the rally, has been put in the hands of a close aide to Gov. Seyi Makinde (names withheld) and the Chairman of the State Park Management System, Mr. Mukaila Lamidi (a.k.a Auxiliary). “Impeccable sources have it that Lamidi has been given a huge sum to enable him mobilize his boys and equip them with dangerous weapons with which they would attack defenseless people at random to create fear and panic on Tuesday. “Among places designated for the unprovoked attacks are; Iwo Road, Agugu, Monatan, Alakia, Labiran, Molete, Challenge, Ojoo, Sanngo and few other places in Ibadan”.