Ahead of the 2023 Census in Nigeria, the National Population Commission, NPC, has urged journalists to put more effort in creating awareness of the forthcoming Population and Housing Census in Akwa Ibom State. The Honourable Federal Commissioner of NPC in the state, Benedict Ukpong made the call during a capacity-building workshop for journalists in Uyo, with the theme, “Effective reporting of the 2023 population and Housing Census.” The 2023 census which would be conducted between March 29 and April 2, is coming after about 17 years. The last Nigerian census was conducted in 2006. Ukpong speaking on the commission’s preparedness for the Census disclosed that the commission has successfully carried out the Enumeration Area Demarcation (EAD), first and second pre-tests and the Trial census. He regretted that some people are unaware of the forthcoming census stressing that with adequate engagement of the media and other stakeholders; credible, reliable and acceptable census is guaranteed. Ukpong also called for the constitution of two steering committees which include the publicity Steering committee(to be headed by the Information Commissioner) and the State security and logistics committee(to be headed by the SA to the governor on Security) for easy implementation of the process. According to him, “there is need for effective collaboration and partnership with the State government and other relevant stakeholders, particularly the journalists in Akwa Ibom State, for effective publicity and propagation of Census messages.” Speaking earlier, the State Director of NPC, Mr. Emmanuel Edem said the workshop was aimed at building a strong Information system towards the success of the 2023 Population and Housing Census in the state. He noted that about 20,000 (Twenty Thousand) functionaries are required by the State NPC for the 2023 Census while about 16,000 (Sixteen Thousand) facilitators are being trained to serve as Enumerators and Supervisors during the forthcoming Census. On his part, the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Ini Ememobong represented by the Director of Public Relations in the Ministry Mrs, Grace Akpan promised to partner with NPC by making available all the Ministry’s media platforms for the dissemination of the activities of the census. The Commissioner noted, “the entire Nigerian nation is desirous of having a credible 2023 Census, as it is very vital in the planning and development processes of government, vis-a-vis equitable distribution of budgetary allocation, social amenities and infrastructure to people in the different parts of the country.” In his paper entitled,” How to Generate Media Content in the 2023 Population and Housing Census” a lecturer in Akwa Ibom state polytechnic, Dr. Udeme Nana urged journalists to intensify efforts towards reporting the March Census saying that a good number of the population is unaware of the forthcoming census. “The sensitization should be handled as a campaign, so many people are not even aware that Nigeria will be having census by March. Adequate data is critical to development planning.” Dr Nana said.