Some youths in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital on Tuesday, ran out of patience and resorted to violence over their inability to access the new naira notes and petrol. The crisis, DAILY POST learnt, was ignited at a branch of GTbank in the Asero area of Abeokuta, where customers had queued since 4am but could not withdraw cash. It was gathered that the protesters had attempted to attack the GTbank but they were repelled by the Police following a prompt intervention. On Tuesday afternoon, the protesters blocked the busy Obantoko road, setting bonfires on the main road. The riot also spread to other parts of the metropolis like Sapon, where political posters and billboards were destroyed by the protesters. Our correspondent observed that schools and other businesses hurriedly closed to avoid being caught up in the melee. To avoid being attacked, taxi drivers and okada riders had to show solidarity by attaching leaves to their vehicles. While parents rushed to schools to take home their wards at noon, residents were seen frantically calling loved ones to stay safe and avoid being victims of the ongoing violent protest.  “We can’t withdraw our money, we can’t buy fuel, see long queues everywhere. There is no water, there is no light, yet these people are out there campaigning. What type of a nation is this? We must stop this nonsense,” one of the protesters could be heard in a video. When contacted, the Ogun State Police Spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed the incident, saying policemen were monitoring the situation. While saying calm had been restored in Asero, Oyeyemi warned the protesters against causing more hardship for Nigerians, especially by vandalising other people’s properties. He expressed concerns that some of those leading the uprising, do not have money to withdraw from any banks. “We have talked to them so that they won’t turn the protest into the destruction of properties. Anybody who tries to destroy any property will be decisively dealt with. We have warned them. “They are protesting that they can’t withdraw money and there is fuel scarcity. The funny thing is that those who don’t have N5 in their accounts are demonstrating that they can’t withdraw. This is uncalled for. We all have to be calm,” he said. DAILY POST reported on Monday that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) office in Okelewo, Abeokuta, was manned by heavily armed policemen over the fear of attacks.