Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, Presidential Candidate of the New Nigerian Peoples Party (NNPP), is leading with 270,000 votes in the 38 local government areas of Kano State so far declared at the state collation centre of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). 2. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, has won in all the 11 local government areas of Gombe State. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said Atiku polled a total number of 319,123 votes against presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who scored a total of 146,977 votes. 3. Peter Obi, Labour Party Presidential Candidate, is leading Atiku Abubakar, his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rival, with 45,297 votes in results of seven Local Government so far declared at the Plateau State collation centre of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, has won Saturday’s election in all the 20 Local Government Areas of Ogun State. The Local Government areas include: Remo North, Ikenne, Egbado South, Ewekoro, Abeokuta North, Ijebu North and Ijebu North-East. 5. Abba Umar, son of the governor of Kano, Abdullahi Ganduje, has lost the House of Representatives election. The governor’s son, who contested Dawakin Tofa/Tofa/Rimingado Federal Constituency election, lost to Tijjani Abudlkadir Jobe, candidate of the New Nigerian Peoples Party (NNPP). 6. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared Mr Thaddeus Attah of the Labour Party (LP) the winner of the Eti-Osa Federal Constituency seat in the House of Representatives. This was made known on Sunday at the Collation Centre, Lagos State Model Nursery and Primary School, Marwa, Lekki 1. 7. The Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has defeated his counterpart from the All Progressives Congress APC, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu in President Muhammadu Buhari home state, Katsina, after polling the highest number of votes from the 34 LGA in the state. 8. The Senator representing Northern Senatorial District of Cross River in the National Assembly, Sen Jarigbe Agom Jarigbe of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has defeated Governor Ben Ayade to clinch the Senate seat. Senator Jarigbe garnered 76,145 to defeat governor Ben Ayade who polled 56, 595 votes in the exercise. 9. A University Don, Mr Gabriel Agabi Akwaji has been arrested by the Police Criminal Investigation Department, CID, Ogoja, for impersonating as a Returning Officer in Yache Ward, Yala Local government in the on-going Presidential and National Assembly elections in Cross River State. 10. The Lagos State Police Command says 23 persons suspected to be involved in electoral violence and other crimes were arrested during the presidential and National Assembly elections on Saturday in Lagos. The command’s spokesperson, SP Benjamin Hundeyin, confirmed the arrest to NAN on Sunday.