Mdundo, one of Africa’s top music services celebrates yet another win registering 23.4 million active users in December 2022. Since its 2020 IPO, the service has had successful Telco partnerships offering its premium product; DJ Mixes. Mdundo has also diversified its product offerings, expanding its online entertainment content catalog to cover content such as football commentary, religious recitals, podcasts and more. Mdundo DJ Mixes is a Premium music service that provides audiences with access to specially curated DJ Mixtapes; with updates as frequent as daily and weekly to keep its promise that says “Get New DJ Mixes everyday”. These can be accessed through partner telecom providers as music bundles. Mdundo mixes are available in almost all African music genres like Afrobeat, Bongo, Gospel, Amapiano, Afropop, Highlife and Hiplife. Hyper local genres like Hausa and Singeli are also available. Quoting Mdundo CEO Martin Nielsen’s celebratory post on LinkedIn; ‘The team at Mdundo has completely transformed the scale of our business in the last 10 quarters since our IPO. As a team, they’ve made some hard choices and difficult decisions. The team is constantly challenged by external stakeholders, investors, board members and myself on the decisions they make as well as how they prioritize their time and resources.’ A quick visual breakdown of the insights as shared earlier today:  Mdundo registered 23.4 Million monthly active users (MAU) in December 2022 with 6 countries registering 1 Million + MAUs.  A premium service was launched with MTN in South Africa. This is now available in 4 key markets; Tanzania, Nigeria, Ghana and South Africa.  Mdundo bragged of 49 Million quarterly reach for leading advertisers across Africa on the service.  Mdundo increased the catalogue of top songs on its platform leveraging key partnerships with Licensing partners across Africa.  All the milestones are in-line with Mdundo’s 2025 goal of reaching 50 Million monthly active users and driving value per user through premium telco-products.
Members and friends of Mdundo have expressed unified celebration for the progress witnessed. They collectively are excited for Mdundo’s future successes. Learn more about Mdundo