A two-year-old girl, Diamond Miracle has been stolen from her home in Ekete, Udu Local Government Area of Delta State and sold for fifty thousand naira. The incident occurred on Thursday 9, February 2023 in Delta. The suspect, a neighbour to the missing child’s family, was alleged to have stolen the baby and sold her to another female suspect from Port-Harcourt, Rivers State, DAILY POST can report. It was gathered that the sum of fifty thousand naira was paid into the account of the suspect for the two-year-old victim. Another fifty thousand naira was reportedly paid to a lady who handed the child to the buyer who came from Port-Harcourt. The monies have been tracked to the suspects’ accounts. A human rights activist, Israel Joe disclosed this to newsmen in Warri. Joe explained that “The 25 years old girl who carried Miracle to a nanny has confessed that she was sold for 500k to a woman who came from Port Harcourt, Rivers State. “We gathered that 50k was paid to the neighbour who stole the child and another 50k was paid to the lady who handed the child to the Port Harcourt woman. “These monies were seen in their accounts as they confessed to the crime.” Joe said if the child is not found, the widowed mother might lose her own life stressing that, “everything now depends on her children after she lost her husband and father of her children.” He said the Divisional Police Officer, DPO of Ovwian/Aladja Division, CSP Shaba had begun an investigation into the matter. According to Joe, the DPO has been doing a lot in assisting us with investigations. “Speaking with the DPO this evening has raised our hopes that Miracle would be rescued alive from the hands of ritualists going around stealing and buying children this electioneering period.” Joe advised parents to keep watch over their children during this election period. “Pls watch your children, especially before the conduct of the 2023 general elections and may God help us… Amen.” The Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Bright Edafe confirmed the report in a text message he sent to our Correspondent in Warri. He said, “confirmed but no details yet.”