The Imo State Government and security agencies have been urged to look into and apprehend the arsonists who destroyed the country homes of the Imo State Commissioner for Youth, Sports, and Social Development, Emeka Okoronkwo and two other persons, immediately. The Sports Writers Association of Nigeria, SWAN in a statement said it was unfortunate that arsonists could go so far as to destroy the properties of a hard-working and patriotic political appointee under whose watch sports in the state have experienced a resurgence. They condemned the ugly incident that occurred at Amagu Ihube community in Imo state’s Okigwe Local Government Area. SWAN made the call in a press release that was jointly signed by its chairman, Everest Ezihe, and secretary, Tunde Liadi made accessible to DAILY POST in Owerri, Imo State. Recall that DAILY POST had previously reported that gunmen had set fire to the country homes of the Imo Sports Commissioner, Professor Nnamdi Obiaraeri, a retired Director of the Department of Security Service, Emeka Ngwu, and a former Commissioner for Information, Youth, and Sports, Land and Urban Planning, respectively, under Chief Ikedi Ohakim and Owelle Rochas Okorocha. A senior citizen was reported to have been trapped in the inferno and was roasted to death. Imo Sports Journalists commiserated with Okoronkwo and all the people affected by the dastard acts and called on Imo State Government and security agencies to seriously investigate the immediate and remote cause of the action of the arsonists and also bring the culprits to book. “We woke up to hear the sad report of the torching of the country home of the hard-working Commissioner for Youth, Sports, and Social Development, Honourable Emeka Okoronkwo, and other two sons of Amagu Ihube community in the Okigwe Local Government Area. We are saddened by the development. “Imo Sports Journalists expresses their sincere condolences to Hon. Okoronkwo and all those impacted by the despicable acts, and urge the Imo State Government and security agencies to thoroughly look into the immediate and underlying causes of the arsonists’ actions as well as to apprehend them. “We were shocked to learn that the hard-working Commissioner for Youth, Sports, and Social Development, Honorable Emeka Okoronkwo, and two other sons from the Amagu Ihube community in the Okigwe Local Government Area had had their rural home set on fire. The development makes us unhappy “The press release got underway. “We will kindly request that Honourable Okoronkwo not let the heinous act derail the wonderful work he has begun to reposition sports in Imo State. We fervently hope that the arsonists are apprehended and held accountable for their deeds and inactions.”