Police operatives have swung into action against thugs who damaged the press bus in the convoy of Hajia Lami Fintiri, wife of Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State. In a move announced Sunday evening, the Adamawa State Commissioner of Police, CP Sikiru Akande, deployed operatives drawn from the Special Rapid Response Team (SRRT) and other tactical squads to carry out raid on the suspected gangsters who pelted the bus used by newsmen who cover the first lady’s activities. The attack, said to be politically motivated, occurred in Muchalla, Mubi North Local Government Area, on Saturday. It left the screens of the bus shattered, but indications are that nobody was injured as the bus was virtually empty when the attack took place. The bus was however badly damaged, as large stones were hauled at it, leaving not only shattered windscreens but also badly dented body works.  Those the Police deployed are to checkmate and arrest the culprits, to coordinate timely response to distress calls and to prevent political gangsterism in the state, a statement from the Police said. “The CP has equally directed Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of Operations to lead all Divisional police officers, Operational Commanders and Area Commanders to ensure total domination of the public space and arrest trouble makers,” said the statement which was released by the state Police Public Relations Officer, CP Suleiman Nguroje. It could not be determined up to press time Sunday evening why the attackers went for the first lady’s press vehicle as nobody on the lady of government side had said anything regarding the incident.  Daily Post reports that this is the first known incident of violence since the governorship campaign began late last year. While Governor Fintiri, who is the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has only the metropolitan Yola North and Yola South LGAs to be covered in what the camp calls mega rally to be held possibly next week, the other major candidate, Senator Aishatu Ahmed Binani was said by the weekend to have concluded her campaign.