Eating well doesn’t have to break your budget. Even in tough economic times, you do not need to avoid great products. You just have to know how to shop smarter. It is in this light that the recent introduction of Big Bull Rice in an affordable N100 pack has been met with commendation from consumers across Nigeria. Across neighborhood shops, departmental stores and open markets, the Big Bull Rice N100 pack has grown increasingly popular amongst consumers who crave good quality, affordable, convenient and hygienically packaged rice that complements their lifestyle needs. Emmanuel Ejiofor, a rice dealer on College Road, Ogba, stated that he has observed a gradual trend of more consumers embracing packaged rice over the loose rice he displays in his store. He noted the high demand for the Big Bull Rice N100 pack in particular as more consumers consider it for its traceability, quality, convenience and affordability. “Who will not like rice as well packaged as the Big Bull N100 pack?” he asks, almost rhetorically. For Ezekiel Mustapha, a student of the University of Ibadan, Big Bull Rice is already a household name in Nigeria for its quality, affordability and satisfaction. He noted that as a student, the rising popularity of the Big Bull N100 packs in a hygienic pack is a unique transition from loose rice openly sold in big basins and measured with rusty, old tins. “The Big Bull N100 pack has addressed my hygiene and quality concerns, my desire for convenient portion control and affordability,” he added. Chief Marketing Officer, TGI Group, Mr. Probal Bhattacharya, expressed delight with the feedback received so far from consumers, stressing that the Big Bull Rice N100 pack size has captured consumer affection by being value maximizing and innovative. “At the price point of 100 Naira, we were confident that the pack was capable of delivering excellent value for consumers looking for healthier choices and upgrading to packaged rice. The convenient portion size and attractive price is driving popularity of this innovative offering amongst consumers desirous of good quality, safety and the great taste of home-grown ingenuity” he noted. For the growing tribe of consumers who have made it their preference, it is a win-win choice as they can be assured that the N100 pack size contains the same high-quality Big Bull Rice is renowned for with its high swelling index for satisfaction, low glycemic index of carbohydrate, Protein, high fibre content as well as essential vitamins B1, B2, B3. Big Bull rice is Nigeria’s foremost parboiled rice. Big Bull is premium milled, stone free, with an excellent swelling index that retains the natural taste & texture of goodness from the Nigerian soil. An absolute cooking delight with the best texture, uniform size and shape; each grain is highly nutritious, rich in B vitamins, Iron, Dietary Fibers and Protein, with a low Glycemic Index for healthy consumption. Big Bull is the ideal choice for a great-tasting rice dish, be it jollof rice, fried rice, white rice, coconut rice and many more. Available in various consumer-friendly pack sizes nationwide. Tropical General Investments (TGI) Group is an international investment and holding company with diversified interests and investments across Africa, The Middle East, Asia and other emerging markets. TGI’s investments focus on driving inclusivity and value addition using locally sourced raw materials, state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and a highly skilled workforce to produce world class products that are consumed both locally and exported to global markets. Across markets, TGI Group owns over a hundred leading brands in Fast Moving Consumer Goods, Agricultural Inputs, Industrial Chemicals, Homecare Products and Pharmaceuticals.