Ahead of the forthcoming general elections, the Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba has ordered the redeployment/posting of Deputy Inspectors-General of Police, DIGs, Assistant Inspectors-General of Police, AIGs, and Commissioners of Police, CPs. Some of the affected officers were newly appointed Commissioners of Police that are awaiting the approval of the Police Service Commission, among which is the former Force Public Relations Officer, CP Emeka Frank Mba. The announcement was disclosed in a statement signed by the Force Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters, Abuja, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, on Tuesday, noting that the posting is with immediate effect. According to the announcement, DIG Danmallam Mohammed has been posted to the Department of Finance and Administration. It also indicated that AIG Habu Sani Ahmadu has been posted as Force Secretary, while AIG Shuaya’u Lafia Abdulyari has assumed office as the AIG in charge of the Force Intelligence Bureau, Force Headquarters, Abuja. The statement showed that the following Assistant Inspectors-General of Police have been assigned to take up the duties and responsibilities of the Deputy Inspectors-General of Police. These are DIG Department of Training and Development – AIG Hafiz M. Inuwa, mni; to DIG Department of Research and Planning – AIG Aji A. Janga, mni; to DIG Department of Operations – AIG Adeleke A. Bode, mni. AIG Habu Sani Ahmadu has been posted as Force Secretary, while AIG Shuaya’u Lafia Abdulyari assumes office as the AIG in charge of the Force Intelligence Bureau, Force Headquarters, Abuja. Other Senior police officers that have been posted to assume the duties and responsibilities of the Assistant Inspectors-General of Police were: AIG Police Mobile Force – CP Matthew Akinyosola, mni; AIG Zone 6 Calabar – CP Jonathan Towuru, mni; AIG Zone 2 Lagos – CP Sylvester A. Alabi, fdc; AIG Zone 11 Osogbo – CP Akande Sikiru Kayode; and AIG Zone 17 Akure – CP Abimbola Adebola Shokoya. Similarly, the newly appointed Commissioners of Police whose appointment are awaiting the approval of the Police Service Commission were CP Adamawa State – CP Adebola A. Hamzat; CP Ogun State – CP Emeka Frank Mba; CP Taraba State – CP Suleiman A. Yusuf, mni; CP Lagos State – CP Idowu Owohunwa; and CP Ebonyi State – CP Faleye E.S. Olaleye. The IGP charged the officers to hit the ground running in order to ensure his administration’s mission, vision, and policy statements were effectively complied with in crime fighting, public cooperation, and safety. He also called for cooperation and support from members of the public to enable the officers to perform optimally on their mandate.