Former spokesperson for Atiku Abubakar in the 2019 presidential election, Segun Sowunmi has said slammed Chief Olabode George, a Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for alleging that he called for the arrest of Atiku Abubakar. Sowunmi’s criticisms came on Friday when he was featured on Arise Television’s Morning Show. Recall Chief Olabode had tackled Sowunmi for allegedly calling for the arrest of his principal (Atiku), describing the outburst as a sign of frustration and disillusionment over a loss and failed bid to become the governorship candidate of the party in Ogun State. However, Sowunmi, a former PDP gubernatorial aspirant in Ogun, slammed Olabode, alleging the party Chieftain runs errands for Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State. He said, “Chief George is like a Dad to me. Between himself and Chief Obasanjo, they are like my father. And I have watched him run whatever he is running now for this period; for so many times he has been running to the media. And I have been asking myself, Governor Nyesom Wike is in his 50’s and I am in my 50’s, so we are colleagues. So if chief Olabode George ran out of Yoruba people and carried himself to do ‘yes sir’ for a young man who is my age mate, is he now going to come home and tell me that I cannot offer him an opinion? “What was the issue? The media was asking me why chief George has said that they should go and arrest Ayu, go and arrest Atiku….that our own PDP people have a hand in this currency problem and fuel scarcity. And I said, ‘he said that?’ “Everybody knows that I am in court with them because they didn’t treat me well in the primary. Could I really have been that friendly with Iyorchia Ayu? But I am always fair and I said, well, he can’t say that because he won’t have any evidence. And it would be best for the security to arrest him and ask him to provide evidence of where Iyorchia Ayu or any of the people he has mentioned, including Tambuwal and Atiku were the ones that sat down with Buhari to make that policy. I am not going to take that back. Should an elderly man be talking anyhow in the public space?”