A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and former Commissioner of Agriculture, Kaduna State, Dr Manzo Daniel Maigari, has advised Nigerians not to attach religious or tribal sentiments to politics in order not to derail from its set objectives. He also advised that politics should be issue-based to tackle issues affecting the people of the country. The former commissioner during Governor Nasir El-Rufai’s first tenure, while speaking with newsmen, noted, “We have carried on as if partisan policies is just a religion. It is wrong and that is why some group of people or some sections in the country strictly identified themselves with a particular political party instead of treating politics as a platform meant to share common ideas with a view of arriving at solutions for the overall interest of the society.” Dr Manzo, who is the Director-General, Nigeria Agric. Business Group added, “It is wrong to be open to a political party and shut out other parties without considering the gains the area stands to benefit from the party. It does not make sense at all but lead to unnecessary rivalry, thereby negating the good opportunities that go with politics. It should be played as a game.” He advised that Nigerians need to study and understand the trends of politics so that they do not become losers but should study the situation and act ahead to enjoy the dividends of democracy. He lamented that Southern Kaduna people are always known to be members of a particular political party and closing their doors against other political parties, saying that it is not good for the area’s future politically. Speaking on the performance of Governor El-Rufai’s administration, he explained that the government focused more on physical development, saying that the state government was fair in the distribution of developmental projects in the state. Speaking on the gubernatorial candidate of the APC, Senator Uba Sani, he explained that as a member of the National Assembly, he did well for his zone with five bills to his credit and attracted meaningful projects in all the local government areas under his senatorial district. Also, speaking on the APC presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, he said he (Tinubu) assembled one of the best teams when he was the Governor of Lagos State and believed that if elected President, he would also assemble a good team that would strictly work on the party’s manifesto for the development of the country.