Foodstuff traders in major markets across the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, are lamenting poor patronage from the public due to the scarcity of naira across the country. As reported by the News Agency of Nigeria, NAN, traders in Kado fish market, Dutse, Wuse, and Kubwa markets daily record losses as they could not save perishable goods such as plantain, leafy vegetables, pepper, tomatoes and fruits, from going bad. Malam Usman Abu, a tomato and pepper seller had, before the initial deadline of the old naira notes, stocked his shop in anticipation of good sales but was disappointed. Abu said the food items had gone bad due to poor sales and blamed the lack of inadequate naira in circulation for his misfortune. While customers had pleaded with him to make available his account details to enable money transfers, he had to decline because of his lack of a phone to confirm transactions. The hapless trader pleaded with the Federal Government to return the old currency or readily make more new naira notes available. Another trader, Mrs Tina Okafor said customers who bought large quantities of vegetables now buy less than their usual purchase due to the need for more cash. “One of my regular customers yesterday asked me to sell N500 Ugwu to her on credit and that she will pay me N600 when next she comes to the market. “Because I had barely sold anything, I was forced to give her, but I know she will pay me back,” she said. Malam Isah, a fruit seller, displayed some spoilt fruits. According to him, buyers didn’t patronise him because his fruits no longer looked fresh, a situation he blamed on diminished purchasing power due to the scarcity of naira. As a result, he was forced to begin selling his fruits at discounted rates due to the poor sales, he disclosed. A buyer at one of the markets, who pleaded anonymity, lamented that he was in the market to buy foodstuff but found himself stranded due to inadequate cash. “I just realised the money I brought to the market to buy soup ingredients wouldn’t be enough, and now I might be unable to buy meat. Is this how we want to continue in this country when we have a government?” he asked. “The Automated Teller Machines (ATMs), long queues at banks and lack of money at Point of Sale (POS) centres have made it difficult for everyone,” he said, pleading with banks to make all ATMs functional to reduce the long queues.