Worried over the biting fuel scarcity in Osun State, Governor Ademola Adeleke has announced the composition of a Special Monitoring Team to look into the deepening distribution and pricing challenges. The Special Monitoring team according to a statement signed by Olawale Rasheed, the Spokesperson to the Osun State Governor is to be headed by the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Kazeem Akinleye with members drawn from the Nigeria Police, DSS, Army, IPMAN, NLC, TDU. The statement also revealed that the team is to immediately commence monitoring the distribution of PMS from point of delivery by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to various discharge outlets in Osun State. While expressing unhappiness about the hardship facing the people of the state, Governor Adeleke assured that the state government will support federal agencies and private sector operators to address the issues behind the continued fuel scarcity in the state. “I urge the Monitoring Team to liaise with the major marketers for collaboration with the independent marketers to ensure that products are circulated across the state. “We will look into this fuel scarcity. We can’t fold our arms with our people facing so much hardship”, Governor Adeleke assured. DAILY POST had reported the resurgence of queues in fuel stations across the state particularly in the capital, Osogbo. Many fuel stations have had to lock up since there was no product to sell and those with the product were forced to sell at exorbitant amounts. Car owners, both private and commercial while lamenting their ordeal blamed the government for not having structures on ground to cushion the perennial fuel scarcity. They complained that they had to stay in queues for hours unending and some even miss business opportunities and lose money due to the hours spent to get their tanks filled. Some even alleged that the scarcity is an artificial one occasioned by the coming general elections and aimed at subjecting the masses to undue hardships and torture.