The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has disclosed that about eight hundred thousand Permanent Voter’s Cards (PVC) are yet to be collected in Oyo State. INEC made this disclosure on Wednesday. Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), in the state, Dr. Adeniran Tella, while speaking during a stakeholders meeting on Mock Voters Accreditation/Verification Exercise, said that the PVCs are still in their various offices for collection. At the meeting held at INEC office in Ibadan were heads of various security agencies in the state. Tella while speaking, said that the commission has distributed over 402, 321 PVCs in the state. He then lamented that more than 800,000 PVCs are yet to be collected. Tella who spoke further, however urged people of the state as to get their PVCs before the expiration. He further said that the exercise is very crucial for the commission’s preparation towards the forthcoming general elections in the state, urging registered voters in the affected Polling Units to appear on the scheduled date with their Permanent Voters Card (PVCs) for the excercise. He added that the exercise has been slated for Saturday 4th February, 2023 from 8am to 2:30pm in all the affected Local Government Areas/Polling Units in the states. Tella while speaking further, noted that the exercise would assist to assure people in the state of the robustness of INEC system and further strengthen the electoral process ahead of the general elections in the state. “INEC has distributed over 402, 321 PVCs in the state. “More than 800,000 PVCs is yet to be collected at various 33 Local Government Area offices in the state. “The essence of the Mock exercise is to conduct field tests across the three Senatorial District in the state using twelve Polling Units at Oyo North, Oyo South, and Oyo Central District of the state. “The Commission is to deploy technology for the conduct of the forthcoming elections through the use of BVAS for Accreditation/Verification of voters and uploading Polling Units results through INEC Result viewing Portal (IReV) on elections day.”