Gunmen that stormed Ase-Omuku community in Ndokwa East Local Government Area of Delta State on Wednesday reportedly beheaded one of their victims, Chief Okwudili Obi, and killed three others including a 13-year-old boy, a policeman and a Major of the Nigerian Army. The Youth President of Ase-Omuku Community, Victor Enebeli, younger brother to one of the deceased, who narrated to journalists the details of the incident, said: “At 11 am on Wednesday, 08/02/2023, the gunmen went to the house of one of our leaders at Umutu because he was their prime target. They could not get him because he was not at home; at about 3 am, some dissident community members led the gunmen into the community and started shooting for almost one hour, killing a community Chief Okwudili Obi and cutting off his head. They also killed one other young man, a stray bullet hit a young boy of 13 years killing the boy while his mother is in the hospital.” Enebeli commended the military officers at Sterling Energy Exploration and Production Company (SEEPCO) for prompt intervention to chase the gunmen out of the community. According to him: “As the gunmen were running out of the community, they shot a policeman dead at Ashaka and also shot two soldiers and a Major in Kwale. He added: “Three other injured persons whom the gunmen shot thinking they were dead are in the hospital. The gunmen actually went to Breman Hospital by Kwale roundabout to kill the injured people who were receiving treatment there to remove all witnesses, unknown to them there was a soldier checkpoint there, and they shot the Major and another soldier. “The Major has been confirmed dead. The gunmen’s vehicle developed a fault at Ashaka and they abandoned it.” Describing the incident as barbaric and inhuman, Enebeli noted that, irrespective of differences among the indigenes of Ase Umoku community, it should not lead to the killing of fellow indigenes. He said the relevant authorities including the Nigeria Police and Nigerian Army were already informed and are aware of the incident. A source in the community urged the Delta State Government and its security outfit Operation Delta Hawk to commence a thorough investigation into the incident and arrest persons involved in the senseless killing and beheading of Chief Okwudili Obi. The Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Bright Edafe confirmed the report over the phone when contacted by DAILY POST correspondent in Warri. “Confirmed. No details for now,” he said.