International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law, Intersociety, has raised the alarm over what it called critical areas that may most likely mar the 2023 general election. The group alleged the voters’ register as released by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, is the most compromised in the world. The human rights organisation made the revelation during a press briefing in Enugu on Sunday. The text of the briefing addressed by Emeka Umeagbalasi, Board Chair, Intersociety, was also signed by Aloysius Emeka Attah, Chair, South-East CLO, Prof Jerry Chukwuokolo, Deputy Convener, Eastern Democracy and Human Rights Coalition, Chidinma Udegbunam Esquire, Head of Publicity, Eastern Democracy and Human Rights Coalition, Comrade Zulu Offoelue, CLO Chair, Enugu State/Member, Eastern Democracy and Human Rights Coalition, among others. The group said the 2023 presidency is Nigeria’s last chance of getting the country back on the right track or pushing it into intractable complex uncertainties “There may be far-reaching consequences and social control system breakdown after the 2023 presidential poll if the presidency of South-East extraction is scuttled or denied,” it warned. It added that the Nigerian Military must be closely monitored “and stopped from militarising and terrorising the Feb 2023 presidential poll and paving way for a predetermined outcome. “Like in the 2019 Presidential and Jan 2020 Imo Governorship Supreme Court travesties of justice, the Nigerian Judiciary must be closely monitored and stopped from a disgraceful repeat of the 2019 armada of judicial hara-kiri in the post 2023 Presidential Poll litigations.” Intersociety equally declared that the INEC was putting the Feb 2023 Presidential Poll in danger by failing to answer sixteen critical questions over permanent voters’ cards, voters’ list, underage, presidential poll date and voters’ protection. It claimed that presently, “there are estimated 20m ineligible identities in the country’s National Register of Voters, including eight million children of underage, two million illegal migrants, four million fake or fictitious names and six million stolen or diverted or destroyed identities or PVCs.” It alleged that, “Nigeria’s National Register of Voters is also found to be the dirtiest and most compromised in the world. “Intersociety’s 27-Page Special Investigative Report had generally found that millions of citizens of voting age of full blood Nigerian citizenship have been disenfranchised and denied voting rights. “Found too were unchecked cases of personal data theft and destruction, diversion and impersonation of the registered citizens and citizens-under-registration’s PVCs/personal data supplied to INEC.” On the demand for the people of the South-East to produce the next president of the country, Intersociety said that “in Nigeria’s democratic dispensations since its colonial transition in 1957 and independence in 1960, the South-East had never produced the country’s executive president under presidential system of government or executive prime minister under parliamentary system of government.” It said this had been the case since the country’s independence on 1st Oct 1960, a period of over 62 years. The group said it was certain that with a South-easterner as president, the 19 top jobs in the country would be shared equitably, stressing that “This is to ensure geopolitical and ethno-religious balancing and promotion of national cohesion, peaceful coexistence and national integration.” Intersociety accused them of being behind the ‘no election threat’ in the zone. “No Election in Biafraland has been politically hijacked and commercialised by desperate political actors. “It has also become an election rigging strategy dating back to Anambra State in 2017 and 2021 during the State Governorship Polls,” it added.