The Oyo State chapter of Social Democratic Party (SDP) has raised an alarm that the state governor, Seyi Makinde was the one behind the cancellation of its rally in the state. The party made this declaration while addressing a press conference on Tuesday. Some of the leaders of the party who were present at the press conference held at the state party’s office in Ibadan, included South-West chairman, Silas Alani: Oyo North senatorial district candidate, Mulikat Adeola, the state chairman, Michael Okunlade and the state secretary, Michael Owokoya. Others are; women leader, Ruth Taiwo, and the party’s House of Representatives candidate in Ibadan North-East/South-East federal constituency, Deji Aboderin. DAILY POST learnt that SDP has earlier announced that it would hold its state rally today (Tuesday) at Mapo Hall. It was, however, gathered that the party did not hold the party as proposed. The party’s leaders, while addressing the journalists, alleged that the party could not hold its rally slated to hold at Mapo Hall on Tuesday after the state police command advised the party to shift the rally till Wednesday. The leadership of the party alleged that Makinde influenced the police to cancel the rally. Gubernatorial candidate of the party, Barrister Michel Folorunsho Lana, who addressed the journalists, said that the party was surprised at the police action, having mobilised members from all over the state for the rally. He maintained that the police commissioner would be reported to relevant authorities. Lana, while speaking further, insisted that the commissioner and the governor would be held responsible if anything happened to any of the party members in the state. He added that the police called them around 7am today and said the rally should be cancelled because the governor wants to hold a rally at the same venue, after the leaders of the party had spent thousands of naira to mobilise their members across the state. He described the development as unfortunate. Lana said, “We are surprised at the attitude of the state Commissioner of Police, Adebowale Williams, who has turned himself to a personal police of the governor rather than being the security chief of the state. “At the beginning of the campaign season, the police directed all political parties to inform it of any political campaign or function, thus, on January 30, we duly informed the commissioner of police of our mega rally, scheduled to hold today at Mapo Hall. “Our letter was duly acknowledged which was an indication that no other political party applied to use the venue or hold rally in the local government (Ibadan South-East). “After spending lots of resources for preparation, the police called around 7am today and said the rally should be cancelled because the governor wants to hold a rally at the same venue. “The plan is to cause a clash between the two parties but being a peaceful party, we have decided to bear the losses to avert bloodshed at Mapo Hall.”