Bruce Fein, a United States, US, based lawyer of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has accused the British High Commissioner to Nigeria, Catriona Laing, of personally sabotaging efforts to release the Biafra agitator. Fein accused Laing of conniving with the Nigerian Government to detain Kanu perpetually. He accused the British envoy of complicity and complacency over Kanu’s ordeals, alleging that the High Commissioner is personally sabotaging efforts to release Kanu. Fein disclosed this in a letter to the British envoy dated February 10, 2023 and was forwarded to DAILY POST by Kanu’s Special Counsel, Aloy Ejimakor. The US lawyer who accused Laing of personally sabotaging efforts to get Kanu out of illegal detention sought to know the motive behind her silence over the ordeals of Kanu, who is a British citizen. Fein expressed shock that despite the Opinion of the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, Nigeria should release Kanu unconditionally. The letter reads: “On July 20, 2022, the United Nations Human Rights Council Working Group on Arbitrary Detention issued a unanimous opinion addressing United Kingdom citizen Nnamdi Kanu’s kidnapping, torture, extraordinary rendition, and protracted detention without trial by Nigeria acting in collusion with Kenya. Among other things, the Working Group Opinion called upon Nigeria “to take urgent action to ensure the immediate unconditional release of Mr Kanu. “Evidence has surfaced that you personally are sabotaging Mr Kanu’s unconditional release as mandated under jus cogens norms of international law binding on all nations irrespective of consent. You have taken cynicism and hypocrisy to a new level. “Your Government has taken extreme umbrage at Russian President Vladimir Putin’s violation of international law in attacking Ukraine and committing war crimes. But you have made the UK complicit in flouting international law like Mr Putin by affirmatively encouraging the government of Nigeria to continue its illegal detention of Kanu. “You and your country plunged to new depths. You go to war over the Falkland Islands thousands of miles from English shores with a tiny population of 3,500 to keep them free from Argentinian misgovernment. But Nnamdi Kanu, a British citizen, is abandoned to the cruel, lawless dungeon of Nigeria’s DSS.” Fein had also earlier this year, written to President Muhammadu Buhari, reminding him of the dire consequences of keeping Kanu in illegal detention against UN Opinion and various court orders authorizing his immediate and unconditional release.