All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abia State must avoid the mistakes of the past if it hopes to take over Abia during National Assembly and governorship polls. The party before 2019 was regarded as a toothless dog in Abia by some of its strong critics but with the victory of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu in Abia North, Hon Ben Kalu (Bende federal constituency), Hon Nkeiruka Onyejeocha (Isiukwuato/Umunneochi federal constituency), as well as two State House of Assembly victories, APC became a force to reckon with. Tomorrow, Saturday, Kalu will be seeking a second term as Abia North Senatorial district Senator, while High Chief Ikechi Emenike, the guber candidate of APC in the State, will be hoping to sweep the ruling PDP away from power on March 11. But recently, Kalu was quoted as saying Emenike would not enjoy his support for his governorship ambition, for not consulting him (Kalu) about his (Emenike’s) governorship plans. The Senate Chief Whip in an interview he granted recently, said his support was for Asiwaju Bola Tinubu as President and other candidates of APC in the State, except Emenike. The former Abia Governor added that he would rather support his younger brother, Mascot Uzor Kalu who is the guber candidate of Action Peoples Party (APP) in Abia. He added that for Emenike to have allegedly displayed enormous disrespect for him, there was no basis to support the Ohuhu-born astute economist. Kalu further wondered how Emenike could win Abia guber contest without regard to him who is a former Governor and presently, the Senator representing Abia North zone. But in a swift reaction, Abia APC Publicity Secretary, Okey Ezeala dismissed Kalu’s support for Bola Tinubu, alleging that Kalu was not truly supporting the Jagaban. But Hon Ofor Okorie, the factional Publicity Secretary of APC loyal to Dr Uche Ogah declared that the broom party may not record any impact in Abia without Senator Kalu and Dr Uche Ogah, former minister of Mines and Steel Development. There are two factions of APC in Abia, with one led by Chief Ikechi Emenike and another one led by Dr Uche Ogah. However, Ikechi Emenike’s faction which has Dr Kingsley Ononogbu as Chairman, enjoys the recognition of the APC national secretariat. Hon Nkeiruka Onyejiocha, Chief Friday Nwosu, among others belong to the Ikechi Emenike family, while Dr Uche Ogah, Sam Onuigbo, Nze Esiaga, Hon Stanley Ohajuruka belong to the Ogah faction. Senator Orji Uzor Kalu did not openly identify with any of the factions during the primary elections, as he preferred to connect to the ‘national grid’, the national secretariat of the party from where he drew his strength. Apart from this, Kalu has remained a vociferous supporter of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s presidential ambition, as he transferred the support he had for Ahmad Lawan, to the Jagaban. Ogah and Emenike’s primary election case progressed to the Supreme Court where Emenike defeated Ogah. A close monitoring of ongoing guber campaigns and the just-ended National Assembly campaigns showed that Kalu and Emenike did not campaign together as party members. Not for once. Rather, Kalu was commissioning all projects he attracted to his Abia North constituents without High Chief Ikechi Emenike in attendance. Conversely, Emenike has been moving round Abia in his guber campaigns without Kalu being around him. On January 24 during the mega presidential rally by Asiwaju Bola Tinubu at Umuahia township stadium, Senator Kalu to the surprise of many guests, was conspicuously absent. Ogah was also not in attendance, though, he later lost his case against High Chief Ikechi Emenike at the Supreme Court. During the Umuahia campaign, Tinubu appealed to Ogah to withdraw his then-Supreme Court case against Emenike and “meet me in Lagos”, an appeal which Ogah rejected. Also, during the same rally on January 24 , Hon Nkeiruka Onyejeocha accused a top APC member in Abia of sponsoring some candidates in other political parties against her (Onyejeocha). There was a clash inside the Umuahia township stadium between groups believed to be loyal to Emenike and Ogah. However, Abia State APC Chairman, Kingsley Ononogbu has maintained that his party is united than ever, promising that Abians would breath a new air of transformation if High Chief Ikechi Emenike wins the March 11 guber polls.