The Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun, on Wednesday, said his administration would establish a university campus in the Ipokia Local Government Area of the state. The governor made this pledge when he commissioned the 3.8 kilometres Ilase-Koko-Alari road in Ipokia Local Government Area, as part of his campaign tour of the local government. According to Abiodun, the LG is big enough and has a large population to have a tertiary institution. He said that the Ogun State Polytechnic, Ipokia was hurriedly established by the immediate past administration without the needed facilities, saying the school would require a huge finance to take off effectively. The governor noted that the local government is one of the food baskets of the state, an agricultural as well as a border town with an international connectivity. “This local government is one that will earn us an oil producing state at Tongeji Island. We are working with relevant agencies and partners to commence oil exploration on the island. “Through my discussion with the Chief of Naval Staff, we now have a Naval Base on the Island to protect our people”, he said. On the incessant clashes between the indigenes and men of the Nigeria Customs Services, the governor pleaded with the men and officers of the NCS to carry out their duties with human face to prevent unnecessary loss of lives, saying government would continue to dialogue with the management of the service on the need to exercise constraint when dealing with the people. He explained that the 3. 8 kilometres road was part of the 400 kilometres of roads constructed across the state and a promise he made during his campaign tour in 2018, adding that it would serve as a link to Ota and Benin Republic. While observing that no meaningful project was executed in the area by the previous governments, the present administration, the governor noted, is deliberate and committed to developing the state as it has commissioned about nine projects in the last seven days. In his welcome address, the Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, represented by the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Engr. Yusuf Lateef, said the road was in keeping with the promise to the people of the area that infrastructural development would be extended to every part of the state, including Ogun West Senatorial District. He said the road was in a bad shape before the construction, maintaining that apart from serving as a link to various communities in the local government council, it would ensure security and improve commercial activities. The Alase of Ilase, Oba John Olaifa, appreciated the governor for constructing the road and called on the government to provide the needed teaching and non-teaching staff and other facilities at the only secondary school in the area, pledging their unalloyed support to the governor for his reelection for the second term.