The Atiku Abubakar Campaign Organization said the former Vice President is in support of the cashless policy for his love for the masses and hates the influence of bullion van in the election. The Governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai had alleged that Atiku is behind the lingering currency scarcity across the country. In a statement by his Special Assistant on Public Communication, Phrank Shaibu, Atiku described it as inglorious for the Kaduna State governor to play politics with the situation, instead of sympathizing with the masses. He stated “For the avoidance of doubt, the currency crisis (and indeed all other crises), as it stands today, is a mess created by the APC and it will be imprudent of the Kaduna State governor or anyone else to associate the PDP or its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar with the crisis. “It is curious why Governor el-Rufai and other elements of his ilk in the APC had to wait this long before they found it contingent to speak in disapproval of policies initiated by their political party. Perhaps, it is because, for them, self-interest in an election season is more important than the public interest. “As a matter of fact, the lingering fuel scarcity and, indeed, the currency crisis of which el-Rufai so bitterly complained about did not just start today. In major cities across the country, Nigerians have been contending with the problem of fuel scarcity for almost two years in some places like the Federal Capital Territory, while el-Rufai and others crying foul in the APC turned blind eyes to the plight of Nigerians. “On the contrary, Atiku Abubakar and the PDP have persistently brought the attention of the country to the sufferings of Nigerians by the APC administration in the past almost eight years. “Nigerians surely know better who loves them more between Atiku who has remained on the side of the masses and the presidential candidate of the APC, Bola Tinubu who has never come out in defense of the people against the hardship that the APC has subjected the country to since it took power in 2015. “If Mallam el-Rufai is interested in knowing who hates the people of Nigeria, he should look in the direction of his political master who drove two bullion vans into his residence on the eve of election day in 2019”. Shaibu said the APC and its presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu are crying foul to the currency change policy because they fear the policy will frustrate their alleged vote-buying plans.