There was confusion in parts of Umuahia, Abia State on Saturday as a jet hovered above the city while the presidential and National Assembly polls were in progress. The plane which entered Umuahia at 3:15 pm flew round the capital. The surveillance continued till 3:50 pm, sending jitters to the minds of some voters, especially the elderly ones. It was not established if the plane belonged to security agencies monitoring the election or not. It was not also known if the pilot and occupants of the aircraft were INEC officials or not. When contacted by DAILY POST, the Abia State Police Command Public Relations Officer, SP Geoffrey Ogbonna said the plane may have been occupied by election observers. In different areas of Umuahia such as Amuzukwu, Umungasi Ohuhu, Ubakala, Umuobia, Olokoro, and Afaraukwu Ibeku, INEC materials arrived late while there were complaints of the slow function of BVAS machines. At St Stephen’s Primary school polling unit in Umuahia Ward 2, there were allegations of attempted vote buying by some party agents. Also at Amuzukwu polling unit, many voters complained that the name of the Labour Party was not on the ballot paper issued by INEC. The angry voters accused INEC and the enemies of Nigeria of sabotaging Mr Peter Obi of the Labour Party. ” I saw ZLP on the ballot paper but I did not see Labour Party. It was the logo of the Labour Party on number 11 that convinced me to vote for Obi”, said a female voter, Nkechi Iwuagwu. The voters lamented that only the logo of LP was left on number 11 of the presidential election ballot paper. Meanwhile, voting was in progress in various parts of Abia State visited on Saturday, as a record number of voters trooped out to exercise their franchise. In Aba, there was heavy rainfall in Ogbo hill and some other parts of Enyimba city. But the downpour did not prevent determined voters from casting their votes. Some of the voters told DAILY POST that the mid-day rain was a blessing from God. In Isiala Ngwa North and South LGAs, election materials arrived late in most of the centres visited.