Prominent traditional rulers from the South West geo-political zone have said that Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has the qualification to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari. Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State, is the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. The traditional rulers expressed their satisfaction over Tinubu’s credentials to succeed Buhari in a communique issued at the end of their meeting with the APC candidate on Thursday. The meeting, which was held in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, was presided over by the Ooni of Ile-Ife, Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi. It was attended by the Orangun of Oke Ila, Oba Adedokun Abolarinwa, Olugbo of Ugbo, Oba Frederic Akinruntan, Osimawe of Ondo Kingdom, Oba Victor Kiladejo, Olugbon of Orile-Igbon, Oba Francis Olusola Alao, and Elegushi of Ikate Kingdom, Oba Saheed Ademola. Some of those who accompanied Tinubu to the meeting included governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State, Speaker, House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, former governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi and former governor of Osun State, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola. Others were former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Dimeji Bankole, Chief Bisi Akande, Minister for Youth and Sport Development, Sunday Dare and Minister for Information, Culture and Tourism, Lai Mohammed. The traditional rulers said that they expressed satisfaction with the briefings Tinubu gave concerning his aspiration during their meeting with him. The traditional rulers in the communique issued at the end of the meeting by Director General of Conscience of Yoruba Nation, Abagun Kole Omololu stated that the royal fathers affirmed their faith and support for Nigeria’s unity, peace, prosperity and progress. In the communique obtained by DAILY POST Thursday evening, they said, “The meeting granted Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC) an audience. “The Royal fathers expressed satisfaction with the briefings Tinubu gave concerning his aspiration, acknowledging Tinubu’s solid democratic credentials and unwavering commitment to the entrenchment of democracy in Nigeria. “The meeting affirms the preeminent qualification of Tinubu for the highest office of Nigeria. “The royal fathers, however, renewed their faith in the steady democratic growth of the country and reiterated their belief that equity and justice are prerequisites for unity, peace, progress and prosperity of the Federal Republic of Nigeria”.