The Ebonyi State Commissioner of Police, Aliyu Garba, on Tuesday, said that over 25 Ebubeagu operatives are remanded in Abakaliki correctional centre for various offences. Aliyu made this known during a joint security meeting with the leadership of various political parties, and security chiefs, that took place at the police headquarters, Abakaliki. The Commissioner of Police warned that Ebubeagu operatives have no role to play in the forthcoming general election in the state, and as such, should not participate in election activities. He tasked the 13 local government areas chairmen of the state to desist from engaging Ebubeagu operatives in the activities of the forthcoming general election in the state. Aliyu also warned against the recruitment of thugs by politicians to cause crisis during the election period in the state and stressed that such will not be tolerated just as he vowed to arrest and prosecute any offenders who violate the electoral process. According to him: “The South East Security Outfit (Ebubeagu) has no role in electioneering campaign and they are not created for any political purposes rather they are to complement the security architecture of the state with state actors. “Therefore, no LG chairman or political party stakeholders should engage the Ebubeagu [or] bear arms of whatever calibre for whatsoever reason, as Ebubeagu are not created for their political aggrandizement [but] rather are to strengthen the security of the State as non-state actors. “Therefore anyone found wanting will be dealt with accordingly. As such, the LG Chairmen and all political stakeholders including aspirants are hereby warned and reminded that no one is above the law and anyone who goes contrary to the provision of the extant laws shall be arrested and prosecuted accordingly.” The meeting was attended by the Director General of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Austin Umahi, Chairman of APC Stanley Emegha, Director General of the Labour Party, LP, Ukpai George, and representatives of NSCDC, Immigration, Correctional Services and FRSC.