One of the spokespersons for the Labour Party, LP, Kenneth Okonkwo has called on the security agencies to fish out the culprits involved in the killing of the Labour Party (LP) candidate for Enugu East Senatorial district, Oyibo Chukwu, Okonkwo, a veteran Nollywood star, also called on the opposition candidates and their followers in Enugu State to unite and stand against manipulation and violence in Enugu State. His statement is contained in a post via his Twitter handle on Thursday. Recall that the Labour Party, LP, candidate for Enugu East Senatorial district, Oyibo Chukwu, was killed in Enugu last night while coming back from a campaign. Okonkwo said the killing has shown the preparedness of defeated politicians in the State to use intimidation to subvert the will of the people. While condemning the killing, the Labour Party spokesman said the Enugu State government should be held responsible for the heinous crime, being responsible for the security in the State. He further urged the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to postpone the Senatorial election in Enugu East Senatorial District until the Labour Party fields a replacement. He said, “The killing of Labour Party (LP) candidate for Enugu East Senatorial district, Oyibo Chukwu, has shown the preparedness of defeated politicians in Enugu State to use intimidation to subvert the will of the people. May God rain His destruction on the perpetrators of this heinous “The security agencies must fish out the culprits immediately before this unpardonable aggression leads to the breakdown of law and order. I am holding the Enugu State Governor responsible for this heinous crime being the Chief Security Officer in Enugu State. “The opposition candidates and their followers in Enugu State must unite now and stand against this obvious manipulation and violence which the old order of politics is known for in Enugu State. Let us use this opportunity to vote out the murderous regime in Enugu State for a new Nigeria. Oyibo Ojukwu must not die in vain. “Meanwhile, INEC must postpone the Senatorial election in Enugu East Senatorial District until the Labour Party fields a replacement. We cannot surrender our country to these thugs and murderers for the next four years.”