Three suspected ritualists have been arrested and paraded by the Osun State Police Command in Osogbo. Parading the suspects, The Osun State Police Spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola, said they were nabbed with human parts. The suspects are 34 years old Alfa Mutiu Olanrewaju, 24-year-old Adebowale Abdulsalam and Fatai Akanji, 37 years old According to Opalola, “Police operatives from the command surveillance unit while on township patrol on 16\1\2023 at about 1:30pm at Ifon along Ogbomosho road intercepted a red unregistered golf car coming from Ogbomosho with about five occupants. They were requested to alight from the car for searching. “While operatives were searching the car, a bag of garri belonging to the first suspect was searched and it was discovered that seven (7) polythene bags containing fresh flesh suspected to be human parts were hidden inside the garri. In the course of interrogation, the suspect stated that he is an indigene of Ifon-Osun, Janta area and confessed that he was coming from Ogbomosho in Oyo State where he bought the suspected human parts. “He stated that he has been buying the parts from one of his accomplices, Alfa Adebowale (second suspect) in Ogbomosho at amounts ranging from #5000 to #2000 depending on the part, size and quantity of the part(s) he requested from his conspirator. “The first suspect stated that he knew Alfa Adebowale at Ifon –Osun when he visited one of his relatives at Ifon-Osun and since then they have been partnering in crime. The police operatives extended their investigation to the Ilogbo area Ogbomosho in Oyo state and arrested Mutiu’s supplier Alfa Adebowale with another fresh flesh suspected to be human parts packed in a container. “Alfa Adebowale also led the police investigation term to Janta area in Ifon-Osun where he is living and arrested another of his accomplice who happened to be his buyer. The second suspect Alfa Adebowale confessed to having been buying the parts from one Alayo in Ogbomosho who is at large, a cemetery (graveyard) guard in one of the cemeteries in Ogbomosho.” She revealed that the suspects have been charged to court for prosecution. Also paraded are 27 years old Olatunji Peter for suspected murder, 32 years old Akinlabi Akinbowale, 42 years old Taiwo Osunwusi, 25-year-old Amos Oyewale and 46 years old Saiyan Umar. They were arrested for burglary and theft of phones, a standing fan, a digger, jean trousers and a pair of slippers. Others paraded are 36 years old Adereti Solomon, Ismaila Saliu, and Ajadi Hammed for burglary and theft of a laptop, phones, Sensei generator and eight new GOTV decoders. Rabiu Yusuf, 20 years old was arrested and paraded for suspected armed robbery, Oluwasegun Ogungbesan ThankGod was arrested for kidnapping and car snatching of an unregistered 4Matic Mercedez Benz Jeep GL450 while Ahmed Yusuf, 25 years old, Azeez Mustapha, 26-year-old and 23-year-old Akintunde Eniola Sukurat were arrested for conspiracy and armed robbery. Opalola disclosed that some of the cases have been charged to court while some are still being investigated and will be charged to court immediately at the completion of investigations.
–