Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said that the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) did not fail during the last Osun State governorship election. The INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, said this in an interview with reporters while monitoring the BVAS mock accreditation exercise in Abuja on Saturday. 2. The leader of Afenifere, a pan Yoruba socio-political organisation, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, on Saturday, took a swipe at the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, saying Northerners would not vote for him. Adebanjo also urged Tinubu to quit the presidential race. 3. The Chief of Mutumbiyu Justices Chiefdom in Taraba State, Justice Sani Muhammed (rtd), says the decomposed bodies of his two abducted wives and five children have been found. The monarch told our correspondent on the telephone that the bodies were discovered early Saturday morning and would be buried at Mutumbiyu. 4. Independent marketers of Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, are getting set to shut down operations beginning from Monday if the government starts the enforcement of N195/litre pump price. This is likely to further prolong the petrol scarcity and queues in many parts of the country. 5. Barely 24 hours after protest rocked Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, over the scarcity of fuel and new naira notes, another group of youths, on Saturday, staged a protest at Dogo community in Apata, Ido Local Government Area of the State, leading to the death of three persons. 6. A former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs and governorship candidate of the Peoples Redemption Party in Cross River State, Usani Uguru Usani narrowly escaped being killed by suspected kidnappers along the Calabar-Ikom highway. It was gathered that two unidentified persons were, however, killed by the gunmen who shot at their vehicles in a bid to abduct them. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has described the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, as the next president of the country, declaring that he would continue to campaign for him. He made the declaration in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, yesterday at the APC presidential campaign rally that had thousands of party supporters and residents. 8. Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has described the G-5 governors as confused people because of their inability to take a stand on the coming elections regarding their support base. Atiku spoke in an interview yesterday. 9. The immediate past Chief of Staff to Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State, Chief Okey Ahiwe has won the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, governorship primary election in the State. This was sequel to the demise of Prof. Uche Ikonne who was to fly the party’s flag in the 2023 general election. 10. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, yesterday, alleged that the move by the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, to redesign Naira notes was aimed at causing riots in the country. Wike, who spoke on Saturday during a campaign in the Opobo/Nkoro Local Government Area of the State, alleged that the aim was to cause crises which would lead to the postponement of the February and March elections.