Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State yesterday said some governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) filed a suit to challenge the Federal Government over the naira redesign policy when their advice was ignored. In an interview with Radio France International (RFI), Hausa, El-Rufai said those criticising them over the move were ignorant of the roles of a governor and his responsibilities. 2. About 10 branches of commercial banks were destroyed during the Sagamu riot in Ogun State, on Monday, the police disclosed. This, according to the police, is in addition to the council secretariat and the station of Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IEBDC) torched in the attacks. 3. The First Lady of Nigeria, Hajiya Aisha Muhammadu Buhari, has denied responsibility for sharing fake statement from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on her Instagram page which announced that the old N500 and N1000 notes remain legal tender for the next 70 days, till May 1, 2023. She blamed hackers for the act. 4. The New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) candidate for Wudil/Garko Federal Constituency in Kano State, Alhaji Kamilu Ado Isa, is dead. Isa, a former Assistant Comptroller General of Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), died after a brief illness on Monday. 5. The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, insisted yesterday that only the old N200 notes were re-issued as directed by President Muhammadu Buhari. The clarification came against the backdrop of reports that President Muhammadu Buhari had issued an order directing the CBN to also re-issue the N500 and N1,000 notes. 6. Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo yesterday said that oil theft and losses pose a serious threat to Nigeria’s economy and impact negatively on the revenue of the nation. According to him, oil theft if left unchecked, would spell doom for Nigeria and could fuel a public finance crisis that paralyses the government. 7. Electorates in Rivers State have been told who to cast their ballot for as president of Nigeria on Saturday, Governor Nyesom Wike, said yesterday. He, however, did not name the particular contender the electorates have adopted as their presidential candidate. 8. A huge crowd of party members and supporters yesterday welcomed the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign train to Lagos for the final rally of the ruling party. Exuding confidence, Bola Tinubu, who was full of praise for the party leader, President Muhammadu Buhari, promised to work hard like him for Nigeria if elected. 9. Gunmen, in the early hours of Tuesday, razed the country home of the Imo State Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Emeka Okoronkwo. Also razed is the country home of a former Dean of the Faculty of Law, Imo State University, Owerri, Nnamdi Obiaraeri. 10. Operatives of Ekiti State Amotekun Corps have arrested a man, identified as Celestine, with fake new N1, 000 notes amounting to about N250, 000. Celestine, who claimed he is an Anambra State-born Lagos-based businessman, said he was travelling from Lagos State to Isanlu in Kogi State to buy kola nut and bitter kola when he was arrested with the fake new naira notes.