Governorship candidate of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) in Ogun State, Biyi Otegbeye, has flagged off his campaign ahead the 2023 elections. Otegbeye’s campaign is coming barely a week after the Ibadan Appeal Court reinstated him and others as the authentic candidates of the ADC for the coming elections in Ogun. The event, which was attended by the former Ogun State Governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, held at the Ake Palace Square in Abeokuta on Wednesday. While addressing hordes of his supporters at the campaign ground, Otegbeye said his mission is to “create opportunities for all classes of people and restore the glory of the Gateway State.” He identified his overarching desire as being able to achieve a subnational double-digits GDP growth within 24 months “in order to put us on the path of sustained growth; and make Ogun State an emerging economic hub in the West African sub-region.” The legal practitioner promised to create sustainable and accelerated economic growth by harnessing the potentials of the state in agriculture, commerce, industry, tourism, and SMEs development, so as to make Ogun truly attractive to investors via genuine ease of doing business. “We recognize that for development to be rapid, our civil servants need to be properly treated, trained and catered for. Through our plan for Optimized Public Services, Good Governance and Leadership, we hope to make priority, the welfare of our workforce and improve their productivity,” he said. He added that: “We will ensure the security of lives and properties, our rural development strategy will pursue rapid electricity and water development programme to ensure that no community in Ogun State is without access to light and drinkable water.” Meanwhile, the ADC in Ogun State has endorsed the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, as its presidential candidate. Amosun disclosed this while speaking at the campaign rally. According to Amosun, he and his followers would work for the emergence of Tinubu as the next president of Nigeria come February 25. However, Amosun insisted that he would support Otegbeye for governor to ensure an Ogun West indigene becomes the governor of the Gateway State for the first time. This, he said, is to ensure equity, fairness and justice across the three senatorial districts in Ogun.