The Osun State Police Command has revealed that it has arrested four suspects in connection with the mayhem in Ilesa and its environs. While revealing that efforts are on top gear to arrest other perpetrators, the Command also appealed to parents and guardians to monitor their children and wards in order to prevent them from getting involved in any sort of criminal activities. In a press statement signed by Yemisi Opalola, the Command’s Police Public Relations Officer on Wednesday, he stated that the Commissioner of Police has ordered statewide total clampdown on cultists and other criminal related activities in the state. Opalola who stated that the Commissioner of Police condemned the violent clash between the two cult groups on Tuesday also assured that law and order has been restored. He also promised to ensure proper investigation of the incident. According to the statement, “The Commissioner of Police Osun State has ordered a total clampdown on cultists and other criminal related activities in all nooks and crannies of State. “The CP condemned the violent clash between two cult groups yesterday 21st of February 2023. “Presently, four (4) suspects have been arrested in connection with the mayhem in Ilesa and its environ, while efforts are on top gear to arrest other perpetrators. “He said law and order has been restored and promised to ensure proper investigation of the incident.” It was gathered that on Tuesday that some people who were members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) were violently attacked by suspected political thugs in Ilesa. The attacks, according to Akindele Adekunle, the Osun PDP caretaker chairman, led to the deaths of Rafiu Quadri Abiodun and Elijah Baba Ewe. Adekunle also disclosed that the third victim, Gbenga Femi from Olorunsogo was still in a state of coma. The party which condemned that act, called on the security agencies to fish out the perpetrators. “We condemn these unprovoked killings outrightly and call on the Nigeria Police and other sister security agencies to fish out all APC chieftains in the state responsible for this unnecessary bloodshedding,” Adekunle stated. Meanwhile, a new Commissioner of Police, CP Peter O. Abayomi has been posted to Osun State Command for election duty. Opalola stated that CP Abayomi assumed office immediately on Wednesday, February, 22, 2023. The deployment, she stated, was in line with the resolve of the Inspector General of Police, Alkali Baba Usman to enable the conduct of smooth, free, fair, credible and violence free 2023 General elections. According to Opalola, Abayomi has appealed to the politicians in the state to caution their supporters to shun all kinds of violence and avoid heating up the polity.