Five major political parties are in a battle for the soul of Kwara State in Nigeria’s general elections. The parties are the All Progressives Congress, APC, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, the Social Democratic Party, SDP, the Young Progressives Party, YPP, and the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP. DAILY POST reports that apart from the incumbent Governor Abdul Rahman Abdulrazaq, who won the 2019 governorship election on the platform of the APC, the four other contenders for the gubernatorial seat are defectors from the ruling APC government in the State. They include Yaman Shuaib Abdullahi of the PDP, Professor Shuaib Oba Abdulraheem, NNPP, Waziri Yakubu Gobir, YPP, and Hakeem Lawal of the SDP. They defected from the ruling APC in the State following irreconcilable differences after the landslide victory of the party in the State which sacked the PDP from power. Findings by DAILY POST indicated that the three senatorial districts in the State, Kwara Central, Kwara South and Kwara North remain the battle ground for the five major political parties contesting this year’s general elections. In Kwara Central Senatorial District alone, where three APC defectors have pitched their tents with three different political parties, the contest promises to be keen. The three gubernatorial candidates are out with massive door to door campaigns. However, it is not certain if the tsunami which swept the PDP out of power in Kwara Central will repeat itself in this year’s polls. While the incumbent governor Abdulrazaq flaunts his scorecard of infrastructural development in the three senatorial districts in the last three and a half years as basis for his re-election, Yakubu Gobir is confident that his philanthropism for the people of the State across the three senatorial districts will lead him to victory. Hakeem Lawal is leaning on his late father’s achievements and legacy as a former civilian governor of the State to solicit for votes. On the part of the PDP gubernatorial flag bearer, Yaman Abdullahi, his party has been campaigning on the legacy laid by the party while in power for 16 years under Dr Abubakar Bukola Saraki and Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, from 2003 to 2019. The PDP has continued to insist that the development recorded by the party in its 16 years reign could not be compared with the present dispensation under the APC in the State, adding that loans taken do not tally with feasible development on ground. In Kwara South, the SDP and the PDP remain formidable parties with the participation of very strong APC opponents in the persons of former Senator Rafiu Ibrahim Adebayo of the PDP, contesting the senatorial ticket, Professor Wale Sulaiman of the SDP, former Senator Suleiman Ajadi Makanjuola of the ADC and a serving Kwara State House of Assembly member, Saheed Popoola from Ojomu/Balogun constituency also contesting the House of Representatives ticket on the platform of the SDP. While the SDP candidate, Popoola is regarded as a tough and accepted candidate, the impact of governor Abdulrazaq in the senatorial district could be felt in healthcare, education and construction of the 10-kilometre Ojoku/Offa road abandoned for over 40 years. Other formidable defectors from the ruling APC to other parties in the Kwara South Senatorial district who could give the ruling APC government serious concern include Barrister Iyiola Oyedepo, former embattled chairman of the APC in the State Bashir Bolarinwa and a host of others. In Kwara North Senatorial district where the PDP gubernatorial candidate, Yaman Abdullahi hails from, the former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has spearheaded a vigorous campaign to realise the dream of the party to come back to power in the State. Although the PDP candidate hails from the zone, the infrastructure development, including roads, embarked upon by the APC ruling government in the area may give governor Abdulrazaq’s party an edge over other parties, though it remains doubtful if the people will abandon one of their own and miss the opportunity to snatch the government house seat which has eluded them for the past decades. In any case, with a section of the population of the State writing off the two dominant political parties, APC and PDP, there are strong indications that the people may be out for a new political experiment in the next dispensation.