As the country prepares for the 2023 general elections, the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, has charged corps members to ensure full adherence to the guidelines contained in the Electoral Act and to remain neutral throughout the exercise. This is as they were also reminded that their membership in the corps does not confer immunity from the legal consequences of any wrongdoing. They were enjoined to continue to be law-abiding while also serving as role models for the younger ones. This charge was given by Brigadier-General Yushau Dogara Ahmed during the closing ceremony of the 2023 Batch A Stream 1 orientation course at the NYSC permanent orientation camp, Ede, on Tuesday. Represented by the Osun State NYSC Coordinator, Abdulwahab Olayinka, Ahmed noted that the participation of NYSC members in the elections was due to the performance of their predecessors since 2008. “My dear compatriots, as you are already aware, the 2023 General Elections are around the corner. As was the case with the previous elections conducted from 2008, Corps members will form the majority of ad hoc personnel that will be enlisted for the conduct of the exercise. “It will interest you to know that the performance of your predecessors contributed to the credibility of the previous elections and earned NYSC accolades from both local and foreign observers. “Therefore, I enjoin you to take a cue from them by performing the election duties with high sense of responsibility. You are to ensure adherence to the guidelines contained in the Electoral Act and, especially, remain neutral throughout the exercise,” he said. Ahmed so assured the corps members that adequate preparations had been made with the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, and security agencies regarding their welfare and safety. “As you get set to partake in this important national assignment, I would like to assure you that we have secured the commitment of the Independent National Electoral Commission and security agencies regarding your welfare and safety before, during and after the elections. “Accordingly, we are in constant liaison with security agencies and other critical stakeholders with a view to ensuring your safety as well as addressing other essential needs for a fulfilling service year.” Ahmed also appealed to the corps members to avoid vices that would tarnish their images and endanger their lives. “I enjoin you to perform your duties with diligence and be guided by the provisions of the NYSC Act and Bye-Laws as well as workplace rules and regulations. In keeping with the objectives of the Scheme, you are expected to integrate into your host communities while also appreciating and respecting their cultures. “You must desist from meddling in their local politics.” While charging corps employers not to reject any NYSC members posted to them, he urged them to mentor them appropriately to enable them to develop their potential. One thousand three hundred eighty corps members were deployed to Osun State, while 404 were dislodged from Lagos State.