The 2023 senatorial candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), for Imo East Senatorial zone, Chyma Anthony (Odiuko), says the naira note redesign was the worst financial policy the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has made. Chyma regretted that such a policy by CBN is impacting negatively on the economy of the country and the well-being of the people. The APGA Senatorial Candidate enjoined the people of the state to bear the anomaly with the hope that the new leadership of the country would humanly rectify it. He said this when he spoke to journalists immediately after a Town Hall Meeting for Imo State Political Candidates championed by Owerri Archdiocesan JDPC held at the church arena. Chyma observed that CBN should have re-denominated the naira note instead of redesigning it with the view to checking corruption and financial crime among public officeholders. According to him, “the naira note redesign is the worst financial policy any country can make especially when challenged with economic decline. Such an obnoxious financial policy can never impact the economy. “I expected them to do naira re-denomination by turning N1000 note to N100 note, N500 note to N50 note, N200 note to N20 note and N50 note to N5. With that, if someone has stolen a billion naira it turns out to N100 million. By then you have achieved something and the economy retrieved. This is the worst financial policy any country can make and the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, should be jailed for this anomaly “. Chyma who reassured the people of Owerri Senatorial Zone of his firm resolve to give them quality, unbiased representation, promised that he will employ and empower the people, as well as attract good roads, and water, including quality and affordable healthcare delivery system to strengthen good health, peace and respite, affirming that he will restore all stolen lands to the people of Owerri Senatorial Zone, hence he called on them to give him their mandate in the forthcoming election, saying he will not fail them.