It was jubilation galore for the residents of Abeokuta, the capital city of Ogun State as Gov. Dapo Abiodun commissioned the 7.2km Fajol-American Junction-Gbonagun road and a Primary Health Centre at Itoko also in the State Capital. Speaking at the commissioning of the two projects, Gov. Dapo Abiodun said the Fajol Junction-Ajegunle-Osara-Gbonangun road, which crisscrosses communities in the Abeokuta South and Odeda local government areas, was among many long abandoned roads being constructed by his administration across the three senatorial districts of Ogun. The roads, he said, are key to the socioeconomic development of the state. “The completion of Fajol Junction-Ajegunle-Osara-Gbonangun road is heartwarming. This is one road that had begged for attention for over two decades, was given priority attention to roads, like hospitals and other projects abandoned by our predecessors. All these projects were funded with tax payers’ money and we cannot allow them to perpetually be in a state of disrepair because of politics”. “This 7.2km road is a reliable alternative route and it will sure bring succor to resident and travellers of this area by reducing the traffic gridlock that is daily experienced on the ever-busy Ibadan-Abeokuta road” he said. Abiodun noted that the newly constructed road apart from further expanding the economic activities of the area by making them accessible, help in the control of erosion and flood in the axis. The Governor disclosed that the road was recommended by the people for reconstruction, saying that several of such projects across the state done by his administration, have rekindled hope and trust of the people in government’s ability to deliver good governance. Gov. Abiodun emphasized that his administration would not compromise the status of Abeokuta as the State’s capital, assuring that his administration would not rest until all bad roads are put in good shape. Speaking at the Itoko Health centre’s commissioning Prince Dapo Abiodun said his administration remains focused and steady government with paramount interest in the socio-economic well-being of the citizenry. “As a matter of fact, this administration has zero tolerance for poor health care experience and services. “This underscores the ongoing infrastructural investment made thus far to upgrade across all sectors. In health we have recruited healthcare, including consultants in our tertiary healthcare facility, Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital; in all our secondary facilities the General and State Hospitals and especially with the upgrade of over 100 primary health centres across the 20 LGAs. This we call the hub and spoke approach and we plan that in all our 236 wards we have at least one PHC each,” he said.