Edda community in Afikpo South local government area of Ebonyi state on Wednesday urged the Inspector General of Police, Usman Baba to transfer the case file of the alleged killers of a police inspector, Festus Akpan, a pregnant woman and two other youths to the Forces Headquarters, Abuja, for diligent handling of the case. The community also petitioned Amnesty International, Federal Ministry of Interior and Federal Ministry of Defense among others for urgent intervention to forestall the release (without trial in a competent court of law) of the suspected killers that unleashed mayhem on Ekoli Edda on 26th December 2022 A socio-cultural organisation, ‘Edda Identity’ in Afikpo South Council Area, had alleged that there are subtle moves by the state government to free the suspects before elections. The leadership of the organization, in a statement signed by Mr Julius Oji and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki capital of Ebonyi State, alleged that the Commissioner for Justice and Attorney-General of the state, Cletus Ofoke, has moved the case file of the suspects, in a bid to set the suspected killers free, without trial in a competent court of law. The statement reads in part: “There is a grand plot and arrangement by the Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in Ebonyi State, Cletus Ofoke, acting on the orders of the Ebonyi State Government, to move the case file of these suspects and killers, from the police and court authorities in the state, in a bid to release the suspects, without trial. “We, the people of Edda reject this move and we call on the Inspector-General of Police, Amnesty International, the National Security Adviser and the Ministry of Interior to intervene,” he stated. In a swift reaction, the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Barr Ofoke, described the accusation as a mere rumour, stressing that all those involved in the heinous act will face the consequences. He said: “Ignore that allegation. Once we get the file, we will vet it and at the appropriate time, any person found wanting in respect of the crime committed in Edda will go in for it. I cannot do that. It’s a mere allegation. Whosoever that committed the offence will face the consequences,” he stated.