The All Progressives Congress, APC in Delta State said it has uncovered a sinister plot by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP to use APC-branded vehicles to create mayhem and security breaches across the state. The party said relevant security agencies have been alerted of the alleged plot by Governor Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP with the sole aim of tarnishing the glittering image and reputation of our great Party, the APC. This is contained in a statement signed by E.V. Onojeghuo, Delta State APC Publicity Secretary. “This information has become necessary and important, hence we thought it proper to alert the general public. “The branded vehicles, made in the semblance of colours and logos of the APC, are hidden in the premises of the Premium Trust Bank, along Maryam Babaginda Way, Asaba. The bank is believed to belong to the Okowa family. “The intention of Okowa and the PDP is to use these vehicles for thuggery, inflict harm and injuries on innocent citizens, to bring public opprobrium and hate upon the APC, as we approach the general elections.” According to the APC, “This satanic desperation no doubt stems from the reality that has now dawned on Okowa and the PDP, on the impending defeat that awaits them at the forthcoming polls. “Having realized that the people of Delta State have finally rejected the PDP and by extension, his vice presidential ambition, Gov. Okowa and his hirelings, have now resorted to sinister schemes to arm-twist voters in the State, through creating a false sense of insecurity amongst the people. This he hopes will turn voters against our great Party. “The Delta State APC by this press statement notifies the general public and all security agencies operating in the state, that as a law-abiding political party, we will not succumb to wicked and cheap blackmail, nor gangsterism. Infact, we do not subscribe or tolerate criminal actions that would create insecurity and a breakdown of law and order in the State.” The APC urged the security agencies to take appropriate measures to forestall and crush any breakdown of law and order by Governor Okowa and the PDP. “We therefore strongly urge the security organizations in the State to take all appropriate measures to forestall and crush the nefarious intentions of Dr. Okowa and the PDP.”