The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Delta State have petitioned the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, over alleged plans by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to rig the forthcoming election by tampering with BVAS machines. The APC also alleged that a PDP senatorial candidate (name withheld) is holding nocturnal meetings with INEC’s officials at his Abuja residence. The allegations were made by Delta State APC Publicity Secretary, E.V. Onojeghuo during a press conference at the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Warri Correspondents Chapel. He said: “We write to humbly inform you of the grand connivance between INEC officials in Delta State (and at the national headquarters of the commission) and PDP officials, including, Gov. Okowa to subvert the 2023 general elections in the state, by tampering with the Bimodal Voters Accreditation System (BVAS) machines using financial inducement.” Warning that the plot, if allowed, has devastating consequences, APC alleged: “The plot that is presently on ground is to input predetermined figures into the BVAS machines that will be deployed to the polling units, before the commencement of voting on election day. It is in high gear, especially for the presidential, senatorial and governorship elections. The already loaded figures will be credited to the PDP, to give the party a headstart even before the election begins.” The APC also alleged: “Already, a senatorial candidate of PDP is holed up at his Life Camp [by Lento Aluminum] Abuja residence, where he holds nocturnal and clandestine meetings with INEC’s officials on how to subvert the operations of the BVAS machines in his senatorial district and the state, in general, to confer an undue advantage on PDP. “The unscrupulous INEC officials have opted to perfect the nefarious mission and requested that the notorious senatorial candidate, who is a strong member of Governor Okowa’s inner circles, come up with a list of individuals, who would be trained to achieve the subversive results.” The APC also claimed that a serving commissioner in the cabinet of Gov. Okowa hijacked PVCs meant for eligible voters in Ewu Ward 1 in Ughelli South LGA of the state. The APC further charged that “all parties must be given equal opportunity and a level playing ground in the elections.”