Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have urged the Central Bank Of Nigeria, CBN, to extend the time limit for old Naira Notes. The advice of the international organisations was in line with the Supreme Court ruling against the Friday deadline. 2. The senator representing Delta North in the National Assembly, Peter Nwaboshi, who was convicted and sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment seven months ago by the Court of Appeal in Lagos for money laundering, was on Wednesday remanded in the Ikoyi Custodial Centre to commence his prison term. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission stated that Nwaoboshi had been on the run. 3. As the naira scarcity persists, more banks have continued to shut down their branches across the country. It was observed that large queues still existed at the Automated Teller Machines of many commercial banks in Lagos, Ogun, Abuja and other parts of the country on Wednesday. 4. The Federal Government yesterday asked the Supreme Court to dismiss a suit challenging the February 10 deadline for the circulation of old naira notes. In a preliminary objection filed on Wednesday through his lawyers, Mahmud Magaji and Tijanni Gazali, the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) argued that the Supreme Court lacked the jurisdiction to entertain the matter. 5. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, on Wednesday, expressed hope that nothing would stop the conduct of the general elections scheduled for February 25 and March 11. Obasanjo spoke while hosting the members of the Board of Trustees (BoT) of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) at his penthouse residence Ogun State. 6. The Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Professor Mahmood Yakubu, yesterday briefed the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. He appeared before the federal cabinet meeting presided over by President Muhammmadu Buhari 17 days to the presidential election. 7. One of the Founding fathers of Ebonyi State, Engr. Henry Ude, popularly known as Ajim Best, has decamped from the Labour Party, LP, and rejoined the camp of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the State. He disclosed his decision to return to PDP while addressing newsmen in Abakaliki. 8. The Federal Government said yesterday that Nigeria Air will soon start flying, having got the aircraft ready and painted in its colours. The Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, disclosed this while briefing State House correspondents at the end of the weekly Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the Council Chamber, Presidential Villa, Abuja. 9. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has assured that the general elections would be held as scheduled on February 25 and March 11. Its Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu made the disclosure after briefing the Federal Executive Council (FEC) presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on the readiness of the commission for the polls. 10. The National Assembly ad hoc committee investigating the currency swap of the Central Bank of Nigeria has invited the Minister of Finance, Zainab Ahmed, and Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Mahmood Yakubu for an interface on Thursday. The Committee also invited the National Security Adviser Babangana Monguno.