The Director General of the National Youth Service Corps, Brigadier General Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed, has warned corps members not to undermine their security by embarking on unauthorized journeys. He said his administration would continue to ensure that all corps members enjoy improved welfare and security. He stated this today while addressing them during his visit to NYSC Kaduna State Temporary Orientation Camp in Kurmin-mashi, Kaduna. He said the contents of the NYSC Bye-Laws would be applied to every infraction adding that they must conduct themselves within the provisions of the law. “It is a thing of pride to serve your fatherland, but don’t risk your lives by unauthorized journeys. Be disciplined and prayerful. Also, be confident of yourselves, do your work diligently and l assure you, nothing will happen to you. “Avoid crime, obey the rules and regulations in the camp, and respect your leaders”, the DG said. General Ahmed specifically warned the corps members not to indulge themselves in political arguments but rather participate as unbiased electoral officers, taking cognisance of the electoral laws during the forthcoming 2023 general elections. The NYSC Chief Executive also advised them to ensure that they leave good legacies in their places of primary assignments and host communities. While giving a camp situation report to the Director General, the NYSC Kaduna State Coordinator, Mr Agbor Ndoma Obim, said a total of 1,077 corps members comprising 407 males and 679 females, were registered in the camp. He added that they have been participating fully in camp activities. Also, while in Kaduna, the Director General visited three corps members on admission at the 44 Nigerian Army Reference Hospital. They were deployed and in transit from Yobe to Anambra State for their Orientation Course, but were involved in a ghastly motor accident in Kaduna State. The DG prayed for their quick recovery while he commended the hospital management for their timely response. While welcoming the DG to the hospital on behalf of the Chief Medical Director, the Administrative Officer of the hospital, Major OS Ojo, promised the hospital’s readiness to offer the best medicare for the injured corps members.