Nigeria Decides 2023: Former President, Obasanjo votes in Ogun, commends process Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has declared the 2023 Presidential and National Assembly elections in Ogun State smooth and credible. Obasanjo expressed his views while speaking with journalists after casting his vote in Abeokuta. The former president who voted at about 10.32am at Ward 11, Polling Unit 22, Olushomi Compound, Sokori area of Abeokuta-North, expressed satisfaction at the peaceful and orderly conduct of the election. He said, “I think we’re getting it through in elections in our country. “One can see things that are encouraging and give hope for the future as far as the election is concerned because there are improvements. “I came in and I was checked. I was asked to remove my glasses and the gadget was placed before my face and my picture appeared. “That’s a new one and if that will happen all over the country, I think we’re making progress. “One should encourage and support anything that’ll help the credibility, integrity and transparency of the electoral process because a credible election is the beginning of good governance of any country.” Voting stops in Ikot Ebom as suspected PDP agents allegedly fuel crisis Voting in Unit 1 ward 10, Ikot Ebom primary school, Itu LGA in Akwa Ibom State has been halted following a fracas that erupted among party agents. Voters were seen scampering for safety amid the fight as the corp members parked the election materials and stood in a corner waiting for the next line of action. The police official attached to the unit overwhelmed by the pandemonium entered a motorcycle and left the voters to their fate. It was gathered that trouble started when agents of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in the unit only made way for PDP supporters to vote while those they believed will not vote for PDP were blocked from voting. A voter who did not want his name in print explained that other voters in the queue who observed what was happening insisted on being allowed to vote for candidates of their choice but were not allowed. In an attempt to fight back, the suspected PDP thugs allegedly overpowered the voters, causing pandemonium in the unit. Meanwhile, the female police officer who left the unit earlier returned with a backup of other officers who released several canisters of teargas, dispersing the crowd and leaving the polling unit empty. Many voters who claimed not to be PDP supporters for the presidential election are now lamenting the disenfranchisement they suffered. Nigeria Decides: Obi votes, expresses hope of victory The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi has voted at his Amatutu ward two, polling unit 019, Agulu community in Anaocha Local Government Area. Obi, who voted at about 11:45 am, expressed optimism of his victory. He told journalists that he is satisfied with the conduct of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, so far in the election, and hoped that the same was happening in other places across the country. “This election is very important to Nigeria, and I have confidence of victory. “I have the mental capacity, energy and drive to lead this country. We need to get things right in Nigeria,” the presidential candidate said. 2023 election: I’m confident of winning – Kwankwaso as hundreds cheer him at polling unit As the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, presidential candidate, Dr Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, cast his votes at the Tunda Ward of Madobi Local Government Area of Kano State, he said he is fully confident of winning the 2023 elections. Kwankwaso, escorted by his wife, Salamatu Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, said after being cheered by hundreds of his supporters, “seing is believing, you can see that here and all over Nigeria I have won this election, God willing”. Hundreds of Kwankwaso supporters cheered him as he arrived at the polling unit to cast his vote. Earlier on, a heavy presence of the military took over the polling unit after some opposition members were there to cause disaffection. The BVAS smoothly worked on Kwankwaso as he waited to be verified by the INEC machine.  2023: Electoral materials yet to arrive in major polling units in Ajaokuta Many electorates under the Ajaokuta Local Government Area of Kogi State have continued to wait for electoral materials from officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC. A DAILY POST correspondent monitoring the National Assembly and presidential election in Kogi State gathered that at Ganaja Polling Units, Aniebo Open Space, LGEA Primary School, Lokoja, 500 housing units under Ajaokuta Local Government, election materials are yet to arrive as of 11:49 am of filing this report. Electorates gathered as early as 7:00 am but are still waiting for election materials, including INEC staff, to arrive for the election. Security agencies such as the Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Federal Road Safety Corps were seen waiting for the electoral officials to come. Tinubu speaks after voting in Lagos Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, said Nigeria is not the only country facing challenges. Tinubu made the remark Saturday morning after voting at Ward C PU 085 Alausa, Ikeja. “We are not the only ones facing economic crisis; it’s spreading all over the world. “We just have to recalibrate the system and set Nigeria on the path of recovery,” he told reporters. The former Lagos governor was at the unit with his wife, Remi Tinubu, and daughter Folashade Tinubu-Ojo. Nigeria decides 2023: Ortom dumps Atiku, votes for Peter Obi Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Saturday voted for the Labour Party, LP, presidential candidate Peter Obi. Ortom cast his vote for Obi at his polling unit in Tse-Ortom, Mzondu ward, Guma LGA of the state. The governor dumped his party, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. Ortom is part of the G5 governors at loggerheads with Atiku and the PDP’s leadership. The G5 group fell out with Atiku after he emerged as PDP’s presidential candidate in 2022. Voters stranded as election materials yet to arrive some Jigawa polling units Electorates in Jigawa State have expressed their dismay over the delay or no arrival of election materials in some polling units. DAILY POST observed that at about 10:30 am, voters were stranded waiting for INEC officials in Katika ward in Kiyawa Local Government. A voter Malama Halima at the Junior Secondary Polling Unit, Katika ward said they were at the polling unit as early as 7:30 am, and no sign of any INEC officials. She said they will wait at the polling units until the election officials arrived, and they cast their ballots for the candidates of their choice. Also, a PDP House of Representative candidate for the Dutse/Kiyawa Federal Constituency, Dahiru Madaki Katika, faulted INEC over the delay in delivering election materials on time. He said no single polling unit had received election materials. Katika, however, urged electorates to be patient and wait until they have cast their votes. Also, at the Auno polling unit in Kafin Hausa, no election materials arrived when filling this report. While in some polling units, voting has already commenced. Osinbajo votes in Ogun, says election peaceful [VIDEO] Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has cast his vote at his Ikenne hometown in Ogun State. Osinbajo voted around 9:56 am alongside his wife, Dolapo Osinbajo, at Unit 14 Ward 1, Ojurege, Ikenne Local Government. The Vice President described the election as peaceful, expressing confidence that it will so in other parts of the state. “This is my poling booth. The Ojurege poling booth is very peaceful and I hope this is the same all across the state,” he said. DAILY Post recalls that Osinbajo moved his voting centre from Lagos to Ogun in 2021.    Nigeria Decides 2023: Election materials yet to be distributed in some units in Uyo After some minutes past 10:00 am, voting for the presidential and National Assembly elections is yet to commence in many units across Uyo, the Akwa Ibom capital, as the materials are yet to be conveyed from the Registration Area Centre, RAC, located at Christ the King School. A visit to the RAC in CKS showed many National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, members on election duties waiting for vehicles to convey them to their units to commence the business of the day. Voters who were seen patiently waiting at different units for the materials to arrive told our correspondent that they came as earlier as 7:30 am. However, the Divisional Police Officer of A Division made frantic efforts for the corp members at the RAC to be conveyed to their different units lamenting that many voters have been waiting for some time. Many corp members were seen scampering into the Hilux van that the DPO came with, and the driver was asked to convey them to nearby polling units so that accreditation/voting would commence immediately. DAILY POST observed that the arrangement for transportation of ad-hoc staff and materials was very chaotic, with several complaints from some supposedly ad-hoc staff that their names did not appear on the ad-hoc list. Meanwhile, voting has just commenced in the four units at Uyo urban 3 with the officials of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC; the Department of State Services, DSS; and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, to check vote buying. In polling unit 13 at Saint Phillips Primary School, Use Offot, Uyo, the EFCC officials addressing voters gave out their phone numbers to enable voters to report any issue of electoral malpractices, including vote buying.  EFCC officials storm Obi’s polling unit Officials of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, have arrived at the polling unit of the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi. The officials who came in an unmarked white Toyota Hiace bus, arrived Obi’s Amatutu ward two, polling unit 019, at exactly 10:25 am. They, however, declined interviews from journalists. The leader of the team had a brief chat with the leadership of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, in the unit, urging him to call the commission’s helpline if they sought the help of any kind. The leader also had a brief chat with Obi, who was coming back from what DAILY POST learnt was a tour of the village. The team has, however, left the polling unit, promising to come back soon. Obi is still being expected at his Amatutu ward two, polling unit 019, where he will cast his vote.  2023 election: Osun Gov, Adeleke casts vote, lauds Buhari, Electoral Act The Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke, has commended the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, for the peaceful conduct of the presidential and national assembly election. Adeleke also described the poll as credible, free and fair. Adeleke, who did his accreditation and cast his vote between 8:42 am and 8:44 am at Unit 009, Ward 2, Abogunde/Sagba, Ede North Local Government Area, also praised the use of the Bimodal Verification Accreditation System, BVAS, for the exercise. According to him, “The BVAS is swift and working well as planned. The e BVAS is here to stay and I commended inec for the peaceful conduct of the election.” He expressed hope that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and the presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, would emerge victorious at the end of the exercise. “I believe in the electoral system, and I know my party will win in all the contesting positions in the state and across the nation. “The report coming from other parts of the state shows the election is going smoothly without any form of distraction.” Praising the Electoral Act as a landmark contribution to Nigeria’s democratic development, he commended the electoral and security agencies for doing their jobs effectively. “The Electoral Act is a legislation we should celebrate for refining our elections. Our votes now count. “Again, I commend President Muhammadu Buhari for the courage and patriotism he demonstrated by signing the bill into law. It is a landmark law. ” I call on our people to remain peaceful and eschew violence. Democracy is about thumbprinting your choice, not about killing and maiming”, Governor Adeleke noted.  Nigeria Decides 2023: Buhari casts vote in Daura to elect successor President Muhammadu Buhari has performed his civic duty by voting in Daura, his home town. Buhari, who is serving out his last term in office, arrived at exactly 9:54 am at Polling unit 003, Sarkin Yara A Ward, Daura Local Government area of Katsina State, in company with his wife, Aisha Buhari. At the presidential and National Assembly elections going on nationwide, voting started at Buhari’s Polling Unit, Kofar Baru (111) Gidan Niyam, exactly a few minutes past 8 am before his arrival. Upon arrival, Buhari and his wife first perused the voters register pasted on the wall, then presented his PVC to the INEC official, who then verified and accredited him with the BVAS machine before proceeding to the polling booth to thumbprint and subsequently waving the ballot paper before inserting them in the respective boxes. In short remarks to the press, Buhari said he was optimistic about victory for the All Progressive Congress. Buhari is expected to vacate the seat of power on May 29, 2023, to pave the way for whoever emerges as the winner in Saturday’s presidential elections. Officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) were first seen using the BVAS to verify and accredit voters before allowing them to proceed to the polling booth, where they secretly thumbprint and subsequently drop it in the ballot boxes. Our reporter observed that the exercise was hitch-free as upon presentation of the Permanent Voters Card, PVC, by the voter to a designated INEC official, the BVAS is then deployed to verify the data of the potential voter before allowing them to vote.  Nigeria Decides 2023: Okowa votes in Delta Delta Governor Ifeanyi Okowa has cast his vote at his polling unit in Owa-Alero, Ika North-East Local Government Area. The former Senator is the vice presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Okowa, who voted at 9:48am, arrived the polling unit in company of his wife, Dame Edith Okowa, and daughters.  2023 poll: Voting commences in Ogun Voting has commenced in some polling units across the 20 local governments area of Ogun State. At Ward 6, Unit 11, Sokoya Memorial School, Sagamu, voting started around 9am. The National Youth Service Corps, NYSC,
members and other ad hoc staff of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), as well as security agents were already performing their duties. While some voters were on queue, others were seen checking their names on the voters’ register pasted on the wall. It is the same scenario at unit 03, Isote in Sagamu.  INEC officials, materials yet to arrive Dawaki polling units in Abuja Several polling units visited by DAILY POST in Dawaki Area of Bwari Area Council showed that the officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, are yet to arrive. Polling Units 004, Dawaki Primary school, 064 Dawaki Junior Secondary, 063, Dawaki Extension, Chief Palace and News Engineering, all in Dawaki, are yet to receive INEC officials and material as of 9:42 am. In a chat with DAILY POST, a voter, Mr Demian Ebemeri, said he arrived at the polling unit at precisely 8:00 am, but the officials of INEC were nowhere to be found. “I don’t know why the INEC officials and materials for voting are yet to be here. Some people left their houses as early as 6:30 am to be here. “My expectation is that the election should be free and fair”, he said. DAILY POST reports that voters were seen stranded waiting for INEC officials and voting materials. There is a massive turnout of voters in Dawaki with security operatives on the ground.  Nigeria Decides 2023: Peter Obi arrives polling unit, expresses optimism The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr. Peter Obi has arrived in PU 019, Umudimakasi Square, Agulu, Anambra State, for the presidential election. DAILY POST reports that Obi spoke upon arrival at his polling unit, expressing optimism of victory at the polls. Asked about his chances of winning the election, the former Anambra State governor said: “I am very optimistic. You can see the positive mood among my people. “People are coming out to vote to make sure the Labour Party wins.”  There is is high turnout of voters in Abuja. In areas such as Bwari Area Council, Dawaki, Utako Lugbe, Kubwa voters were up as early as 6:am waiting patiently for the arrival of INEC officials. Nigeria decides 2023: Atiku votes in Adamawa The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar has cast his vote. Atiku performed his civic right at about 9:11 am at his polling unit in Adamawa State. While thumb-printing on his ballot paper, some people circled him to see his vote. Atiku is one of the frontrunners to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari on May 29. Others vying for the seat of the president include, Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Peter Obi of the Labour Party, LP, and Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP.  Nigeria Decides: Voting commences at Obi’s polling unit Voting has commenced at the polling unit of the presidential candidate of Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi. Though the candidate had earlier visited the unit to supervise the arrival of voting materials, he is yet to cast his vote. Some aides of the candidate told journalists that he will be voting soon. Obi is expected to cast his vote in Amatutu village, Agulu ward two, polling unit 019.  Election officers protest non-payment of training allowance in Kano, delay exercise Some election officers are protesting non-payment of their training allowances in Kano State. DAILY POST reports that they blocked voters from accessing the polling units. The INEC ad-hoc staff, in their numbers, said they were not paid their training allowances of N4000. They vowed that they would not allow election materials to be taken away. The incident, which occurred at Gwale Local Government of Kano State, delayed commencement of voting at the Dorayi Karama voting centres.  Nigerians will today, Saturday, February 25, 2023, decide their next President for the next four years. The main contenders in terms of political parties are the All Progressives Congress, APC, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, the Labour Party, LP and of course, the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP. Bola Ahmed Tinubu is the presidential candidate of the ruling APC, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar is flying the flag of the PDP, former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi is the candidate of the LP, while Rabiu Kwankwaso is the NNPP’s standard bearer. Other presidential candidates, according to INEC’s final list, include: Imumolen Christopher – Accord Party (AP); Al-Mustapha Hamza – Action Alliance (AA); Sowore Omoyele – African Action Congress (AAC); Kachikwu Dumebi – African Democratic Congress (ADC); Sani Yabagi Yusuf – Action Democratic Party (ADP); Umeadi Peter Nnanna – All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA); Ojei Princess Chichi – Allied People’s Movement (APM); Nnamdi Charles Osita – Action Peoples Party (APP); Adenuga Sunday Oluwafemi – Boot Party (BP); Osakwe Felix Johnson – National Rescue Movement (NRM). Others are: Abiola Latifu Kolawole – Peoples Redemption Party (PRP); Adebayo Adewole Ebenezer – Social Democratic Party (SDP); Ado-Ibrahim Abdumalik – Young Progressives Party (YPP); and Nwanyanwu Daniel Daberechukwu – Zenith Labour Party (ZLP). Today’s presidential election is widely believed to be between three candidates, namely: Peter Obi, Atiku Abubakar and Bola Tinubu. In his nationwide broadcast, President Muhammadu Buhari, who is serving a complete eight-year term under the APC, admonished the citizens to go out there and vote for their very choice of candidate. He also said that his administration’s new monetary policy had also contributed immensely to the minimisation of the influence of money in politics. “This is a positive departure from the past and represents a bold legacy step by this administration, towards laying a strong foundation for free and fair elections,” he said, assuring that every vote will count. Follow this thread as DAILY POST brings you updates of the presidential election from the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory.