As a student, you cannot run away from exams but you can have the right approach to preparation to enable you pass exams at one sitting and get high score. The importance of using past exam questions in preparing for an exam cannot be over emphasized. Incorporating past questions into your EXAM PREPARATION increases your chance of a better performance in the exam. JAMB UTME is an exam that should be prepared for with quality study materials, past questions and answers being one of such as it serves as a tool that helps students have a sense of direction while preparing for their examination and aids in study time management. JAMB candidates who use past questions to prepare for the exam have a better chance to familiarize with concepts, exam structures, the exam platform, vocabularies and terminologies thus increasing their chance to PASS THE EXAM IN ONE SITTING. You might ask, where can I get JAMB UTME past questions? Worry no more as ExamGuide JAMB UTME CBT SOFTWARE is here. ExamGuide is a computer based learning application designed to enable students excel in their exams. There are various exams covered by ExamGuide series which includes, JAMB UTME, WAEC SSCE, NECO BECE, and NECO NCEE etc. ExamGuide is an offline application.  ExamGuide JAMB UTME APP is a CBT software that has a compilation of recent JAMB PAST QUESTIONS with their solutions and has all the features present in the JAMB UTME to give similar experience as the actual examination such as the JAMB UTME 8 KEYS – A, B, C, D, P, N, S, R The ExamGuide UTME SOFTWARE acts as an ONLINE EXAM HELP that provides candidates with a platform for FREE ONLINE PRACTICE TEST. GAINS OF USING EXAMGUIDE JAMB UTME APP The ExamGuide JAMB UTME PRACTICE APP offers a lot of benefits for candidates who use it to prepare for the exam, some of which include; · The application gives a similar experience to the REAL JAMB UTME exam due to it having same interface. · Candidates have the opportunity to PRACTICE TESTING at any time and location and the application gives detailed result analysis ranging from time spent per question: to suggesting areas the candidate needs to focus more on. · It helps identify key subjects of difficulty to focus on and gives detailed explanations on all questions for better understanding. · Candidates have the opportunity to practice the JAMBE PAST QUESTIONS by topic to gain mastery in areas of weakness. · The app contains a summary of JAMB prescribed literature books for study, in other to get acquainted with the different characters in the novel and be able to attempt any question from them. · ExamGuide JAMB UTME app give access to most recent JAMB PAST QUESTION to help update your knowledge of JAMB vocabularies, terminologies, concepts and any change that may have come along through the past years. We also simulated syllabus based questions and added to the software · Candidates who use the app have access to other inbuilt educational learning apps and games that makes study fun such as Math rush, millionaire and fame game. · The app provides a platform where candidates can ask JAMB related questions and also interact with other candidates. · With ExamGuide, candidates have the option of taking part in MOCK EXAM termed UTME CHALLENGE numerous times in other to get acquainted with the nature of the exam. · The application has both a desktop and android version. · ExamGuide also gives access to video lessons on various topics and subjects for candidates to reference to incase of confusion while they STUDY FOR EXAM. · ExamGuide UTME contains career guide section that can advise you properly on courses and school selection based on data obtained from past JAMB UTME examinations. Using the ExamGuide JAMB UTME to prepare for JAMB is essential as it helps you get into the exam-taking zone and familiarize you with the nature of questions you’ll have to answer during the exams. Past questions improve your retention rate and help better your understanding of what has been studied. The ExamGuide app is one of the best tools to STUDY FOR EXAM, click the link https://examguide.com to download and start your journey to success. UTME CHALLENGE This is a competition that is available to candidates who have installed and activated the ExamGuide JAMB UTME APP. Here is an opportunity to test your skills against your peers and wine prizes valued at ONE MILLION naira. The competition consists of 12 rounds, with all participants taking the test on same day and time. At the conclusion of each round, the top 20 scorers will be recognized with airtime rewards. The competition mimics the format of JAMB UTME with 60 English questions and 40 questions from each of the remaining 3 subjects, totaling 180 questions. Each round has set duration of 2 hours. The test begins and ends simultaneously for all candidates. Internet connection is not required during the test, but your device must be connected at the start in order to verify system time before the test commences. Internet connection is also needed to submit your score at the end of the round. You have the flexibility to participate in any round of the competition. At the end of each round, the top performers will be rewarded with airtime within NGN2, 000 to N100. Additionally top 3 participants will receive cash prizes of NGN10, 000, NGN7, 000 AND NGN5, 000 respectively. The ultimate prize, a sum of NGN100, 000 will be awarded to 5 participants based on their aggregate score. The aggregate score is calculated by combining 80% of the participant’s JAMB score with 20% of their highest UTME Challenge score. The total value of all prizes to be won in UTME Challenge for each season is ONE MILLION NAIRA. Download and activate ExamGuide UTME App to participate. Download from https://examguide.com/offline/products/utme FOR ANY CLARIFICATIONS PLS REACH US Phone number: 08135122464 Email: info@zigmatechconsult.com Website: www.examguide.com Facebook : ExamGuideCBT https://www.facebook.com/ExamGuideCBT Instagram : @examguide_official https://www.instagram.com/examguide_official/ YouTube: ExamGuide https://youtube.com/@ExamGuide_Learninghub Office Address: Suite 1 Fesmal’s Place, 88/89 Peter Odili Road, Transamadi PortHarcourt, Rivers State Nigeria