The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdulahi Adamu and the governors of the party have called on President Muhammadu Buhari to obey the Supreme Court order on Naira redesign policy. The Supreme Court had temporarily restrained the federal government from banning the use of the old naira notes from February 10. It gave the order while ruling on an ex parte application filed by the governments of Kaduna, Kogi, and Zamfara. Rather than obey the court injunction, Buhari made a nationwide broadcast directing the CBN to make available the old N200 notes for the next 60 days, which elapses on April 10. But the governors of the party who had openly expressed their disappointment against the policy kicked against the directive by the president. It was based on this that Adamu summoned the governors of the party to an emergency meeting on Sunday. Reading the resolution of the meeting, Adamu said the naira redesign policy was hurting Nigerians and the country’s economy and called on Buhari to intervene. He said: “I’m sure you are quite aware of the fact that a meeting comprising of APC governors was held today and the leadership of the NWC of our great party was summoned for this afternoon and we had discussion. “And at the end of the discussion, we have resolved as follows and this resolution is without prejudice or whatsoever to the case that is lying at the Supreme Court at this point in time. This has to do with the issue of currency redesign. “We note very seriously that the programme and its implementation is causing tremendous difficulties to the people of Nigeria and to the national economy. “That we urge the Attorney General of the Federation, (Abubakar Malami) and the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria to respect the supreme court order of Interim injunction which is still subsisting “That the meeting is urging his Excellency, Mr President to intervene in resolving issues that are causing this great difficulties to the economy.” Asked if the governors and the party are now on the same page, Adamu answered in affirmative, saying the governors forum, and the NWC of the party are on the same page. The meeting had in attendance Nasiru El-Rufai of Kaduna state, Mohammed Bello (Niger), Abdulahi sule (Nasarwa), Yahaya Bello (Kogi), Inuwa Yahaya (Gombe), Bello Matawalle (Zamfara) Mai Mala Buni (Yobe), Abubakar Badaru (Jigawa), Biodun Oyebanji (Ekiti), Simon Lalong (Plateau) Deputy governor of Imo state, Placid Njoku, and Mohammed Yakubu, Deputy Governor of Katsina State.