A former Chief of Staff to the Rivers State Government and member of the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Council in Rivers State, Mr Tony Okocha has denied allegations that he is working to sabotage the efforts of the All Progressive Congress, APC, executives in the State. Okocha also dismissed speculations that he is still affiliated with the Social Democratic Party, SDP, in the State. The immediate past Chief of Staff to the Rivers State Government has been at a loggerhead with the APC leadership in the State. Okocha is also alleged to be working for Governor Nyesom Wike to cause more chaos in the main opposition party in the State. The leadership of the APC in the State had earlier referred to him as a member of a non-Governmental Organization, who is merely supporting their presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. Okocha had also claimed that the Governorship candidate of the APC in Rivers State, Patrick Tonye-Cole had refused to canvas for votes for the presidential candidate of their party, an allegation the State APC leadership had refuted. Two weeks ago, some members of the PCC led by Okocha staged a walkout from the PCC meeting after it disagreed with a former Director-General of Port Authority, Sokonte Davies who was presiding over the meeting. But when the Presidential Campaign Council of the APC in Rivers State went for the inspection of the Yakubu Gowon Stadium, Port Harcourt for the Presidential campaign rally, scheduled to hold on February 15th, 2023, Okocha said, “I am a member of the All Progressives Congress, I am a founding member. I was Chief of Staff when this party was founded in Rivers State, and if there were two people who knew that we were leaving the Peoples Democratic Party for the APC, I was number 2, after Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi. And I have remained committed to the party’s norms, the party’s rules and guidelines. “Others may have left, including my dear friend, Magnus Abe for the SDP. So, nobody can hold me that my membership of Tinubu’s group is suspect because I play SDP, I am not. The relationship between me and Magnus, like I said, is about friendship.” Okocha is, however, regarded in Rivers State, as a factional member of the APC.