As part of its effort to curb extortion of candidates, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, JAMB, has announced plans to sanction any CBT centres with bulk purchase of pins and bulk registration. JAMB Registrar Professor Ishaq Oloyede, who stated this on Saturday, in Abuja, during a monitoring tour of some CBT centres, said registration is going on well except for some of these schools “UTME is not a school-based examination, it’s individual candidates, and you can see what that school, Stella Maris is doing, collecting N30,000 from candidates in the name of JAMB and then ending up missing up the telephone number of the candidates. “So once they keep the telephone number of candidates, it is unlikely that the candidates when we are contacting them if we want to make a change in their timetable, you send a text to them and it will not get to them after they have graduated from the school and want to do a change of course, they don’t have access to it. “And that is a way of extorting the parents, and we will take adequate steps to make sure that we stop that. We will tell every CBT centre to stop making a bulk purchase of pin and bulk registration, so if a centre sells more than one pin to a source or collects money for more than one pin from a source, then we will sanction such centre.” While urging candidates to report extortion cases, the registrar noted that there is a code for candidates to reach the board when they come across any case of extortion, as he promised to reward such acts. Also, speaking on the registration closing date, he noted that ”the board would not extend the deadline for 2023 registration. The sale of the 2023 UTME commenced on the 14th of January, 2023, and will close on Tuesday, the 14th of February. Oloyede, during the tour, visited the CBT centre located at Total Child International School, Dutse, JAMB Abuja zonal office, Life Camp, Global Distance Learning Institute and Sascon International College, Abuja, respectively. Over 1.16 million tertiary institution admission seekers have registered for this year Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination, UTME.