The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Ebonyi State, Prof. Benard Odoh has called on security agencies and Nigerians to hold Governor David Umahi, responsible for any violence that might occur in the ongoing campaign rally of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in council headquarters. Recall that the driver and police orderly of the governorship candidate of APGA, Prof. Benard Odoh were killed a few days ago at Rest House, Okpoto community in Ishielu LGA, when gunmen ambushed his (Odoh) convoy. A statement signed and issued to newsmen on behalf of Prof. Odoh by the Director, Media and Publicity Odohzia, Campaign council on Wednesday, warned Governor Umahi against making an inciting statement/ accusation that is capable of stoking violence and the destruction of lives and properties of innocent citizens of the state. “Umahi had made hasty and fallacious claims during an APC rally at Ugbodo, the council headquarters of Ebonyi Local Government Area among other vituperative utterances customary of his person and style, challenging the peaceful and peace-loving Governorship candidate of APGA, Prof. Odoh to dare him. “This is coming, even as we are still in shock and mourning two officers in our campaign team who we lost during an assassination attempt on our Governorship candidate from gunmen suspected to be members of Ebubeagu at Okpoto in Ishielu Local Government Area of the State. ”The governor’s modus of always raising false alarms and exposing his plans whenever he is in public, anyone who carefully heard or watched Umahi speak during the said rally must be suspect that he must have a game up his sleeves in his proposed rally in Ezza North LGA today, where incidentally our guber candidate hails from. “We have also gotten hints from good authorities that the APC campaign train is allegedly planning to set themselves against themselves as they did during its rally in Isu, Onicha Local Government Area and then heap the blames on the peace-loving Odohzia Ebonyi Campaign council which has been going about its campaigns with utmost modesty and decorum” he alleged Prof. Odoh further called on security agencies and all Nigerians to be mindful of the plots allegedly being hatched by the APC-led government in Ebonyi State to probably cause monumental violence and wreak havoc in his hometown Local Government Area.