Nigerians living in Lagos State are anxious as they anticipate the final outcome of Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly elections. The top contenders are Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress, APC; Atiku Abubakar, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and Peter Obi, Labour Party. Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, dominated Kano State, while most of the party’s candidates for Senate and House of Representatives performed well. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, commenced the national coalition Sunday evening in Abuja, after postponing the time initially scheduled. Eyes are on the venue, International Conference Centre, where the presidential election winner will be announced after the totalling of results from the 176,846 polling units in 774 local government areas. In Lagos, the contest was between Tinubu, a former governor, and Obi, a ex-Anambra governor; Atiku was the second runner-up in many wards. Due to the disturbances in parts of the metropolis, including Ebute Metta, Surulere, Elegushi, Oniru, Itire, Oshodi, etc., residents are being cautious ahead of INEC declaration. Videos revealed how thugs invaded units, destroyed election materials, and injured voters. Protesters in Sangotedo and others lamented they could not exercise their rights. In Surulere, a woman went viral for returning to cast her vote after receiving stitches for a head injury. She was recorded waiting in line as blood dripped down her face. There are allegations that Obi was winning at most of the units attacked, with questions on why there was little or no disruption at locations where Tinubu was in the lead. Residents told DAILY POST they fear for their safety in the event of a post-election crisis and are being careful of their movement. “There was an attack at a unit close to my area in Aguda. At this point, I just want this circle to end so we can have peace of mind”, said Dare, an undergraduate. “I know I have to go to work but I will be going back home early from Monday until I’m sure there’s no more tension,” according to Akindele Oloye, a civil servant. On Sunday, the police raised the alarm of plans by some persons to unleash widespread violence in the state, but assured citizens of their safety. It was gathered that some offices, malls, filling stations, supermarkets, and others will remain closed until the owners feel safe to re-open. “Novare Mall has been locked since 5pm on Friday. I heard they will not open until Tuesday, you remember what happened during End SARS,” a source said. Meanwhile, the Lagos chapter of the APC has congratulated the electorates for showing interest in the poll after enduring challenges in the buildup. Speaking to DAILY POST, Publicity Secretary of the party, Seye Oladejo said even though the turnout was not as high as expected, the exercise went well. “The challenges before the elections were enough to discourage Nigerians. We thank them for keeping faith despite the frustration though participation could have been better. “Nigerians have proven they want someone who can lead the country especially at a time when we are facing peculiar problems, not those engaging in political experiments. “We commend INEC, security agencies, all and sundry, and appeal to everyone to be law abiding as we wait for the official declaration of the results,” the spokesperson added.