The Osun State Police Command has arrested one Sekoni Ramon Temitope, a 47 years old man for alleged burglary and theft of five hundred (500) vehicle shafts worth millions of Naira. The Police Command while parading the suspect and others in Osogbo on Tuesday revealed that Sekoni, who is the son of the landlord of the warehouse where the vehicle parts were stolen, was arrested on February 4, 2023, after the complainant reported at Dugbe Police Station, Osogbo. According to the Osun Police Command spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola while addressing the media during the parade, “On 4\2\2023 at about 8:00am the complainant reported at Dugbe Police Station that on 3/2/23023, when he got to his shop located at Ajegunle, he discovered that it has been broken into and the above exhibits (goods) worth six million five hundred thousand naira only (N6,500,000) were carted away by thief or thieves. “The police operatives quickly put the investigation mechanism in place, arrested the suspect and recovered the stolen goods.” Opalola revealed that the suspect, Sekoni would be charged to court after the completion of investigation. Adebis Tajudeen, the victim of the burglary, speaking with DAILY POST revealed that he had lost goods, vehicle shafts worth more than ten million Naira to the suspect. In his words, “The goods exhibited were the ones found in his room. Sekoni is a hardened criminal. He steals my goods late at night by entering the warehouse through the roof and leaves around 6am to sell them.  “Nobody has been suspecting him since he’s the landlord’s son. When I grew suspicious of him, I took some policemen there but they could not apprehend him. “He was arrested because I was fortunate to see him departing early that morning because I was in my shop trying to organize some of my goods which just came by road from Lagos. When I saw him, I held on to him and alerted the Police. “He is not the only guilty party here. The people buying those goods from him should be arrested too because they are all guilty of buying stolen goods. When they are arrested too, we may get to the bottom of this matter.” Other suspects paraded on Tuesday included 30-year-old Ojo Olowokere, who was arrested for theft of a Bajaj motorcycle on Monday, February 6, 2023, 25-year-old Taiwo Damilare, male for the murder of Segun Olamilekan, aka Olawire. Also, the Police Command paraded three armed robbery suspects, 25-year-old Adeoti Seun, 32-year-old Adesanmi Saheed and 25-year-old Bamitale Rasheed. Exhibits recovered from them include a Toyota Matrix Car and a cut to size double barrel gun. Olaleye Oluseyi, 46-year-old, was arrested for impersonation and job scam and deceitfully obtaining the sum of N112,000 from one Taiwo Victor.