The Vice Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Senator Ahmed Yusuf Datti has lashed out at President Muhammadu Buhari, saying the extension of the deadline for the use of old N200 notes implies weakness on his part. Datti, who spoke during a courtesy visit to the Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Nnaemeka Achebe contended that for Buhari to have shifted grounds twice shows that he is not firm, and may still make another shift when the new deadline elapses. “It is with mixed feelings because when you see a President budge once, however small, those mighty (people) that prevailed on him to budge will see a gleam of hope to press further. “Maybe this President is becoming a weakling, as they would say a lame duck President, and if you cede one inch, you are likely to cede another inch. “So, it is a lot of concern for us for the President to change position literally nine days to the election. “However, we have recognized the fact that currency is a sovereign matter and no state governor, especially those who don’t respect court judgement have any right to interfere with the Federal government in issues about currency. “We pray that the election would go well so that as His Majesty said if election is well done, it can open the space for good governance,” he said. While receiving the vice presidential candidate, Obi Nnaemeka Achebe said the Joint Body of South East Council of Traditional Rulers and body of Arch Bishops and Bishops had earlier lamented that the Peace Accord signed by the Presidential candidates under the platform of the National Peace Committee headed by Gen Abdusalami Abubakar (retd) had been severally violated. “We remind the candidates and stakeholders to call their followers to order. “We call on the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to rise to its statutory mandate to conduct a flawless election with all the technology and human capacity at its disposal. “The election if property conducted, will pave way for good governance in this country and this election must not fail. “We urge the electorates to resist all efforts to compromise the process or allow themselves to be intimidated through financial aid.”